The Project Gutenberg eBook of The World as Will and Idea (Vol.
古腾堡计划电子书《作为意志和理念的世界》（卷 1）
1 of 3)      This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.
第 1 册（共 3 册） 这本电子书可供美国和世界大多数其他地区的任何人免费使用，几乎没有任何限制。
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org.
您可以根据本电子书或 www.gutenberg.org 中包含的古腾堡项目许可条款复制、赠送或重新使用它。
If you are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
如果您不在美国，则在使用本电子书之前必须先检查您所在国家/地区的法律。
 Title: The World as Will and Idea (Vol.
书名：作为意志和观念的世界（卷。
1 of 3)   Author: Arthur Schopenhauer  Translator: Viscount R.
1 of 3) 作者：亚瑟·叔本华 译者：Viscount R.
B.
B.
Haldane Haldane         J.
霍尔丹 霍尔丹 J.
Kemp  Release date: December 27, 2011 [eBook #38427]                 Most recently updated: September 24, 2022  Language: English    *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE WORLD AS WILL AND IDEA (VOL.
Kemp 发布日期：2011 年 12 月 27 日 [电子书 #38427] 最近更新：2022 年 9 月 24 日 语言：英语 *** 项目启动 古腾堡电子书《世界如意愿和想法》（第 1 卷）
1 OF 3) ***                             The World As Will And Idea                                      By                             Arthur Schopenhauer                        Translated From The German By                             R.
OF 3) *** 亚瑟·叔本华 (Arthur Schopenhauer) 的《世界如意志和理念》译自德语，作者：R.
B.
B.
Haldane, M.A.
马萨诸塞州霍尔丹
                                    And                                J.
和 J。
Kemp, M.A.
马萨诸塞州坎普
                                  Vol.
卷。
I.
我。
                           Containing Four Books.
含四本书。
             “Ob nicht Natur zuletzt sich doch ergünde?”—GOETHE                               Seventh Edition                                    London                      Kegan Paul, Trench, Trübner & Co.
 “Ob nicht Natur zuletzt sich doch ergünde？”——歌德第七版伦敦 Kegan Paul, Trench, Trübner & Co.
                                    1909      CONTENTS   Translators’ Preface.
 1909 目录 译者序言。
Preface To The First Edition.
第一版序言。
Preface To The Second Edition.
第二版序言。
First Book.
第一本书。
The World As Idea.
作为理念的世界。
   First Aspect.
第一个方面。
The Idea Subordinated To The Principle Of Sufficient    Reason: The Object Of Experience And Science.
服从充分理由原则的思想：经验和科学的对象。
Second Book.
第二本书。
The World As Will.
世界如愿。
   First Aspect.
第一个方面。
The Objectification Of The Will.
意志的客观化。
Third Book.
第三本书。
The World As Idea.
作为理念的世界。
   Second Aspect.
第二个方面。
The Idea Independent Of The Principle Of Sufficient    Reason: The Platonic Idea: The Object Of Art.
独立于充足理由原则的观念：柏拉图式的观念：艺术的对象。
Fourth Book.
第四本书。
The World As Will.
世界如愿。
   Second Aspect.
第二个方面。
The Assertion And Denial Of The Will To Live, When    Self-Consciousness Has Been Attained.
当自我意识获得时，对生存意志的主张和否认。
Footnotes       TRANSLATORS’ PREFACE.
脚注 译者序言。
  The style of “Die Welt als Wille und Vorstellung” is sometimes loose and involved, as is so often the case in German philosophical treatises.
 《Die Welt als Wille und Vorstellung》的风格有时是松散而复杂的，就像德国哲学论文中经常出现的情况一样。
The translation of the book has consequently been a matter of no little difficulty.
因此，该书的翻译遇到了不小的困难。
It was found that extensive alteration of the long and occasionally involved sentences, however likely to prove conducive to a satisfactory English style, tended not only to obliterate the form of the original but even to imperil the meaning.
人们发现，对长句和偶尔涉及的句子进行广泛的改变，无论有多么可能证明有利于令人满意的英语风格，不仅会抹杀原文的形式，甚至会危及其含义。
Where a choice has had to be made, the alternative of a somewhat slavish adherence to Schopenhauer’s _ipsissima verba_ has accordingly been preferred to that of inaccuracy.
在必须做出选择的地方，相对于不准确的选择，人们更愿意选择有点盲目地遵守叔本华的“ipsissima verba”。
The result is a piece of work which leaves much to be desired, but which has yet consistently sought to reproduce faithfully the spirit as well as the letter of the original.
其结果是一部有很多不足之处的作品，但它始终致力于忠实地再现原作的精神和文字。
 As regards the rendering of the technical terms about which there has been so much controversy, the equivalents used have only been adopted after careful consideration of their meaning in the theory of knowledge.
对于那些引起很大争议的技术术语的翻译，只有在仔细考虑了它们在知识论中的含义之后才采用了所使用的等同术语。
For example, “Vorstellung” has been rendered by “idea,” in preference to “representation,” which is neither accurate, intelligible, nor elegant.
例如，“Vorstellung”被翻译为“idea”，而不是“representation”，这既不准确，也不易于理解，也不优雅。
“Idee,” is translated by the same word, but spelled with a capital,—“Idea.” Again, “Anschauung” has been rendered according to the context, either by “perception” simply, or by “intuition or perception.”  Notwithstanding statements to the contrary in the text, the book is probably quite intelligible in itself, apart from the treatise “On the Fourfold Root of the Principle of Sufficient Reason.” It has, however, been considered desirable to add an abstract of the latter work in an appendix to the third volume of this translation.
“Idee”由同一个词翻译，但拼写为大写字母“Idea”。同样，“Anschauung”是根据上下文来呈现的，或者简单地通过“感知”，或者通过“直觉或感知”。尽管文中有相反的陈述，除了《论充足理由原理的四重根》一文之外，这本书本身可能是相当容易理解的。然而，人们认为最好在本译文第三卷的附录中添加后一部作品的摘要。
 R.
 R。
B.
B.
H.
H。
 J.
 J。
K.
K.
     PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION.
第一版前言。
  I propose to point out here how this book must be read in order to be thoroughly understood.
我建议在这里指出如何阅读这本书才能彻底理解。
By means of it I only intend to impart a single thought.
我只是想借此传达一个想法。
Yet, notwithstanding all my endeavours, I could find no shorter way of imparting it than this whole book.
然而，尽管我付出了一切努力，我还是找不到比整本书更短的传授它的方法。
I hold this thought to be that which has very long been sought for under the name of philosophy, and the discovery of which is therefore regarded by those who are familiar with history as quite as impossible as the discovery of the philosopher’s stone, although it was already said by Pliny: _Quam multa fieri non posse, priusquam sint facta, judicantur?_ (Hist.
我认为这种思想是人们长期以来以哲学的名义所寻求的思想，因此，熟悉历史的人认为，它的发现就像发现点金石一样不可能，尽管它是普林尼已经说过：_Quam multa fieri non posse, priusquam sint facta, judicantur?_ (Hist.
nat.
自然。
7, 1.)  According as we consider the different aspects of this one thought which I am about to impart, it exhibits itself as that which we call metaphysics, that which we call ethics, and that which we call æsthetics; and certainly it must be all this if it is what I have already acknowledged I take it to be.
7, 1.) 当我们考虑我将要传达的这一思想的不同方面时，它表现为我们所谓的形而上学、我们所说的伦理学和我们所说的美学；当然，如果这就是我已经承认的我所认为的，那么它一定就是这一切。
 A _system of thought_ must always have an architectonic connection or coherence, that is, a connection in which one part always supports the other, though the latter does not support the former, in which ultimately the foundation supports all the rest without being supported by it, and the apex is supported without supporting.
一个思想体系必须始终具有架构上的联系或连贯性，也就是说，在这种联系中，一个部分总是支持另一个部分，尽管后者不支持前者，最终基础支持所有其他部分，而不受它的支持，顶点有支撑，无支撑。
On the other hand, a _single thought_, however comprehensive it may be, must preserve the most perfect unity.
另一方面，一个单一的思想，无论它多么全面，都必须保持最完美的统一。
If it admits of being broken up into parts to facilitate its communication, the connection of these parts must yet be organic, _i.e._, it must be a connection in which every part supports the whole just as much as it is supported by it, a connection in which there is no first and no last, in which the whole thought gains distinctness through every part, and even the smallest part cannot be completely understood unless the whole has already been grasped.
如果它承认被分解成多个部分以促进其交流，那么这些部分的连接必须是有机的，也就是说，它必须是一种连接，其中每个部分都支持整体，就像它所支持的一样多。在这种联系中，没有第一个也没有最后一个，整个思想通过每个部分都变得清晰，除非已经掌握了整体，否则即使是最小的部分也无法被完全理解。
A book, however, must always have a first and a last line, and in this respect will always remain very unlike an organism, however like one its content may be: thus form and matter are here in contradiction.
然而，一本书必须始终有第一行和最后一行，在这方面，无论其内容如何相似，它总是与有机体非常不同：因此形式和物质在这里是矛盾的。
 It is self-evident that under these circumstances no other advice can be given as to how one may enter into the thought explained in this work than _to read the book twice_, and the first time with great patience, a patience which is only to be derived from the belief, voluntarily accorded, that the beginning presupposes the end almost as much as the end presupposes the beginning, and that all the earlier parts presuppose the later almost as much as the later presuppose the earlier.
不言而喻，在这种情况下，对于如何进入本书所阐述的思想，除了“读两遍书”之外，没有其他建议可以给出，而且第一次读时要有极大的耐心，这种耐心只是为了源于这样一种信念，即自愿同意的信念，即开始预示着结束，几乎就像结束预示着开始一样，所有早期的部分几乎都预示着后来的部分，就像后来的部分预示着更早的部分一样。
I say “almost;” for this is by no means absolutely the case, and I have honestly and conscientiously done all that was possible to give priority to that which stands least in need of explanation from what follows, as indeed generally to everything that can help to make the thought as easy to comprehend and as distinct as possible.
我说“几乎”；因为情况绝不是绝对如此，我已经诚实而认真地做了所有可能的事情，优先考虑接下来最不需要解释的事情，实际上一般来说，所有可以帮助使这个想法成为现实的事情都是如此。易于理解并尽可能清晰。
This might indeed to a certain extent be achieved if it were not that the reader, as is very natural, thinks, as he reads, not merely of what is actually said, but also of its possible consequences, and thus besides the many contradictions actually given of the opinions of the time, and presumably of the reader, there may be added as many more which are anticipated and imaginary.
如果不是读者在阅读时不仅考虑实际所说的内容，而且考虑其可能的后果，那么除了实际上的许多矛盾之外，这确实可以在一定程度上实现。考虑到当时的观点以及读者的观点，可能会添加更多预期和想象的内容。
That, then, which is really only misunderstanding, must take the form of active disapproval, and it is all the more difficult to recognise that it is misunderstanding, because although the laboriously-attained clearness of the explanation and distinctness of the expression never leaves the immediate sense of what is said doubtful, it cannot at the same time express its relations to all that remains to be said.
那么，这实际上只是误解，必须采取积极反对的形式，而且更难认识到这是误解，因为尽管费尽心力才获得的解释的清晰性和表达的明确性从未离开过它不能同时表达其与所有待说内容的关系。
Therefore, as we have said, the first perusal demands patience, founded on confidence that on a second perusal much, or all, will appear in an entirely different light.
因此，正如我们所说，第一次细读需要耐心，耐心是建立在相信第二次细读时，大部分或全部内容将以完全不同的眼光呈现的基础上的。
Further, the earnest endeavour to be more completely and even more easily comprehended in the case of a very difficult subject, must justify occasional repetition.
此外，在非常困难的主题的情况下，认真努力使之更完整、更容易理解，必须证明偶尔的重复是合理的。
Indeed the structure of the whole, which is organic, not a mere chain, makes it necessary sometimes to touch on the same point twice.
事实上，整体的结构是有机的，而不仅仅是链条，因此有时有必要两次触及同一点。
Moreover this construction, and the very close connection of all the parts, has not left open to me the division into chapters and paragraphs which I should otherwise have regarded as very important, but has obliged me to rest satisfied with four principal divisions, as it were four aspects of one thought.
此外，这种结构以及所有部分之间非常紧密的联系，并没有让我对章节和段落的划分留有余地，否则我会认为这些章节和段落非常重要，但我不得不对四个主要部分感到满意，因为它是一个思想的四个方面。
In each of these four books it is especially important to guard against losing sight, in the details which must necessarily be discussed, of the principal thought to which they belong, and the progress of the whole exposition.
在这四本书中，特别重要的是要防止忽视必须讨论的细节、它们所属的主要思想以及整个阐述的进展。
I have thus expressed the first, and like those which follow, unavoidable demand upon the reader, who holds the philosopher in small favour just because he himself is a philosopher.
因此，我已经表达了第一个，以及随后的那些，对读者的不可避免的要求，因为哲学家本身就是哲学家，所以他们对哲学家不太好。
 The second demand is this, that the introduction be read before the book itself, although it is not contained in the book, but appeared five years earlier under the title, “_Ueber die vierfache Wurzel des Satzes vom zureichenden Grunde: eine philosophische Abhandlung_” (On the fourfold root of the principle of sufficient reason: a philosophical essay).
第二个要求是，在本书本身之前阅读引言，尽管它没有包含在书中，但五年前就出现在标题下，“_Ueber die vierfache Wurzel des Satzes vom zureichenden Grunde：eine philosophische Abhandlung_”（论充分理由原则的四重根源：一篇哲学论文）。
Without an acquaintance with this introduction and propadeutic it is absolutely impossible to understand the present work properly, and the content of that essay will always be presupposed in this work just as if it were given with it.
如果不熟悉这篇引言和序言，就绝对不可能正确理解这部作品，而那篇文章的内容将永远在这部作品中被预设，就好像它是与它一起给出的一样。
Besides, even if it had not preceded this book by several years, it would not properly have been placed before it as an introduction, but would have been incorporated in the first book.
此外，即使它没有早于本书几年，它也不会作为导言放在本书之前，而是会并入第一本书中。
As it is, the first book does not contain what was said in the earlier essay, and it therefore exhibits a certain incompleteness on account of these deficiencies, which must always be supplied by reference to it.
事实上，第一本书并不包含前一篇文章中所说的内容，因此由于这些缺陷而表现出一定的不完整性，必须始终通过参考来补充。
However, my disinclination was so great either to quote myself or laboriously to state again in other words what I had already said once in an adequate manner, that I preferred this course, notwithstanding the fact that I might now be able to give the content of that essay a somewhat better expression, chiefly by freeing it from several conceptions which resulted from the excessive influence which the Kantian philosophy had over me at the time, such as—categories, outer and inner sense, and the like.
然而，我非常不愿意引用自己的话，或者费力地再次陈述我已经以适当的方式说过一次的话，所以我更喜欢这门课程，尽管事实上我现在可能能够给出以下内容：那篇文章的表达方式稍微好一点，主要是它摆脱了康德哲学当时对我的过度影响所产生的几个概念，例如范畴、外在意义和内在意义等等。
But even there these conceptions only occur because as yet I had never really entered deeply into them, therefore only by the way and quite out of connection with the principal matter.
但即使在那里，这些概念的出现也只是因为我还没有真正深入地了解它们，因此只是顺便说一下，与主要问题完全脱节。
The correction of such passages in that essay will consequently take place of its own accord in the mind of the reader through his acquaintance with the present work.
因此，通过读者对本文的熟悉，对该文章中此类段落的更正将在读者的心中自动发生。
But only if we have fully recognised by means of that essay what the principle of sufficient reason is and signifies, what its validity extends to, and what it does not extend to, and that that principle is not before all things, and the whole world merely in consequence of it, and in conformity to it, a corollary, as it were, of it; but rather that it is merely the form in which the object, of whatever kind it may be, which is always conditioned by the subject, is invariably known so far as the subject is a knowing individual: only then will it be possible to enter into the method of philosophy which is here attempted for the first time, and which is completely different from all previous methods.
但前提是我们通过这篇文章充分认识到充分理由原则是什么和意味着什么，它的有效性延伸到什么，不延伸到什么，以及该原则并不先于所有事物和整个世界。仅仅是它的结果，并且与它相一致，可以说是它的必然结果。相反，它只是一种形式，在这种形式中，对象，无论它是什么类型，总是受主体制约，只要主体是一个认识的个体，它就总是被认识：只有这样，才有可能进入这是第一次尝试的哲学方法，它与以前的所有方法完全不同。
 But the same disinclination to repeat myself word for word, or to say the same thing a second time in other and worse words, after I have deprived myself of the better, has occasioned another defect in the first book of this work.
但是，在我放弃了更好的语言之后，同样不愿意逐字重复自己的话，或者用其他更糟糕的语言再说一遍同样的事情，这导致了本书第一本书的另一个缺陷。
For I have omitted all that is said in the first chapter of my essay “On Sight and Colour,” which would otherwise have found its place here, word for word.
因为我省略了我的文章“论视觉与色彩”第一章中所说的所有内容，否则它会逐字逐句地在这里找到它的位置。
Therefore the knowledge of this short, earlier work is also presupposed.
因此，这篇简短的早期作品的知识也是预设的。
 Finally, the third demand I have to make on the reader might indeed be tacitly assumed, for it is nothing but an acquaintance with the most important phenomenon that has appeared in philosophy for two thousand years, and that lies so near us: I mean the principal writings of Kant.
最后，我对读者提出的第三个要求确实可能是默认的，因为它只不过是熟悉两千多年来哲学中出现的最重要的现象，而且离我们如此之近：我的意思是康德的主要著作。
It seems to me, in fact, as indeed has already been said by others, that the effect these writings produce in the mind to which they truly speak is very like that of the operation for cataract on a blind man: and if we wish to pursue the simile further, the aim of my own work may be described by saying that I have sought to put into the hands of those upon whom that operation has been successfully performed a pair of spectacles suitable to eyes that have recovered their sight—spectacles of whose use that operation is the absolutely necessary condition.
事实上，在我看来，正如其他人已经说过的那样，这些著作在他们真正所说的心灵中产生的效果非常类似于盲人的白内障手术：如果我们愿意进一步追述这个比喻，我自己工作的目的可以这样描述：我试图将一副适合已经恢复视力的眼睛的眼镜交给那些已经成功完成手术的人手中——眼镜其使用该操作是绝对必要的条件。
Starting then, as I do to a large extent, from what has been accomplished by the great Kant, I have yet been enabled, just on account of my earnest study of his writings, to discover important errors in them.
从那时起，正如我在很大程度上所做的那样，从伟大的康德所取得的成就开始，仅仅因为我认真研究了他的著作，我就能够发现其中的重要错误。
These I have been obliged to separate from the rest and prove to be false, in order that I might be able to presuppose and apply what is true and excellent in his doctrine, pure and freed from error.
我不得不将这些内容与其他内容分开并证明它们是错误的，以便我能够预设并应用他的学说中真实和优秀的内容，纯净且没有错误。
But not to interrupt and complicate my own exposition by a constant polemic against Kant, I have relegated this to a special appendix.
但为了避免因不断地与康德争论而打断我自己的阐述并使之复杂化，我将其放在一个特殊的附录中。
It follows then, from what has been said, that my work presupposes a knowledge of this appendix just as much as it presupposes a knowledge of the philosophy of Kant; and in this respect it would therefore be advisable to read the appendix first, all the more as its content is specially related to the first book of the present work.
由此可见，我的工作预设了对本附录的了解，就像它预设了对康德哲学的了解一样。因此，在这方面，建议先阅读附录，尤其是其内容与本著作的第一本书特别相关。
On the other hand, it could not be avoided, from the nature of the case, that here and there the appendix also should refer to the text of the work; and the only result of this is, that the appendix, as well as the principal part of the work, must be read twice.
另一方面，从案件的性质来看，不可避免的是，附录也应提及作品的正文；这样做的唯一结果是，附录以及工作的主要部分必须读两遍。
 The philosophy of Kant, then, is the only philosophy with which a thorough acquaintance is directly presupposed in what we have to say here.
那么，康德哲学是我们在这里要说的唯一直接以彻底了解为前提的哲学。
But if, besides this, the reader has lingered in the school of the divine Plato, he will be so much the better prepared to hear me, and susceptible to what I say.
但除此之外，如果读者曾在神圣的柏拉图学派中徘徊，那么他会更愿意聆听我的演讲，并且更容易接受我所说的内容。
And if, indeed, in addition to this he is a partaker of the benefit conferred by the Vedas, the access to which, opened to us through the Upanishads, is in my eyes the greatest advantage which this still young century enjoys over previous ones, because I believe that the influence of the Sanscrit literature will penetrate not less deeply than did the revival of Greek literature in the fifteenth century: if, I say, the reader has also already received and assimilated the sacred, primitive Indian wisdom, then is he best of all prepared to hear what I have to say to him.
确实，除此之外，如果他分享了《吠陀经》所赋予的利益，那么通过《奥义书》向我们开放了获得这种利益的途径，在我看来，这是这个仍然年轻的世纪相对于以前的世纪所享有的最大优势，因为我相信，梵文文学的影响将不亚于十五世纪希腊文学的复兴：我说，如果读者也已经接受并吸收了神圣的、原始的印度智慧，那么他就最重要的是准备好听我要对他说的话。
My work will not speak to him, as to many others, in a strange and even hostile tongue; for, if it does not sound too vain, I might express the opinion that each one of the individual and disconnected aphorisms which make up the Upanishads may be deduced as a consequence from the thought I am going to impart, though the converse, that my thought is to be found in the Upanishads, is by no means the case.
我的作品不会像对其他许多人那样，用一种陌生甚至敌意的语言对他说话；因为，如果这听起来不是太虚荣的话，我可能会表达这样的观点，即构成《奥义书》的每一个单独的和不连贯的格言都可以从我将要传达的思想中推导出来，尽管相反，我的在《奥义书》中可以找到这样的想法，但事实却并非如此。
 But most readers have already grown angry with impatience, and burst into reproaches with difficulty kept back so long.
但大部分读者已经不耐烦了，难以忍住，爆发出责备之声。
How can I venture to present a book to the public under conditions and demands the first two of which are presumptuous and altogether immodest, and this at a time when there is such a general wealth of special ideas, that in Germany alone they are made common property through the press, in three thousand valuable, original, and absolutely indispensable works every year, besides innumerable periodicals, and even daily papers; at a time when especially there is not the least deficiency of entirely original and profound philosophers, but in Germany alone there are more of them alive at the same time, than several centuries could formerly boast of in succession to each other? How is one ever to come to the end, asks the indignant reader, if one must set to work upon a book in such a fashion?  As I have absolutely nothing to advance against these reproaches, I only hope for some small thanks from such readers for having warned them in time, so that they may not lose an hour over a book which it would be useless to read without complying with the demands that have been made, and which should therefore be left alone, particularly as apart from this we might wager a great deal that it can say nothing to them, but rather that it will always be only _pancorum hominum_, and must therefore quietly and modestly wait for the few whose unusual mode of thought may find it enjoyable.
我怎么能冒险向公众展示一本书，其中前两点都是自以为是且完全不谦虚的，而且此时特殊思想如此丰富，仅在德国，它们就变得很普遍了。除了无数的期刊，甚至日报之外，每年还有三千种有价值的、原创的、绝对不可缺少的作品，通过新闻界获得财产；尤其是在这样一个时代，完全原创和深刻的哲学家并不缺乏，但仅在德国，同时活着的哲学家的数量就比以前几个世纪所能夸耀的还要多？愤怒的读者会问，如果一个人必须以这种方式开始写一本书，那么，一个人如何才能走到最后呢？由于我对这些指责完全没有什么可提出的，我只希望这些读者能及时警告他们一些小小的感谢，这样他们就不会因为一本不遵守规定而读起来毫无用处的书浪费一个小时。已经提出的要求，因此应该保留下来，特别是除此之外，我们可以打赌它不能对他们说什么，而是永远只是_pancorum hominum_，因此必须安静而谦虚地等待少数人的不同寻常的思维方式可能会觉得有趣。
For apart from the difficulties and the effort which it requires from the reader, what cultured man of this age, whose knowledge has almost reached the august point at which the paradoxical and the false are all one to it, could bear to meet thoughts almost on every page that directly contradict that which he has yet himself established once for all as true and undeniable? And then, how disagreeably disappointed will many a one be if he finds no mention here of what he believes it is precisely here he ought to look for, because his method of speculation agrees with that of a great living philosopher,(1) who has certainly written pathetic books, and who only has the trifling weakness that he takes all he learned and approved before his fifteenth year for inborn ideas of the human mind.
因为除了它需要读者付出的困难和努力之外，这个时代的有教养的人，他们的知识几乎达到了自相矛盾和虚假合二为一的庄严地步，能够忍受面对几乎关于这一点的思想吗？每一页都直接与他自己一劳永逸地确立为真实且不可否认的内容相矛盾吗？然后，如果许多人在这里没有发现他认为自己应该寻找的东西，那么他会感到多么令人不快的失望，因为他的思辨方法与一位伟大的在世哲学家的方法一致，（1）他已经当然，他写的书很可怜，他唯一的弱点就是，他把他十五岁之前所学到的和认可的一切都当作了人类心灵的固有观念。
Who could stand all this? Therefore my advice is simply to lay down the book.
谁能忍受这一切？因此我的建议就是放下这本书。
 But I fear I shall not escape even thus.
但我担心即使这样我也无法逃脱。
The reader who has got as far as the preface and been stopped by it, has bought the book for cash, and asks how he is to be indemnified.
读到序言的读者被它拦住了，他用现金买了这本书，并询问他如何得到赔偿。
My last refuge is now to remind him that he knows how to make use of a book in several ways, without exactly reading it.
我现在最后的避难所是提醒他，他知道如何以多种方式利用一本书，而无需完全阅读它。
It may fill a gap in his library as well as many another, where, neatly bound, it will certainly look well.
它可能会填补他以及其他许多图书馆的空白，装订整齐，看起来肯定会很好。
Or he can lay it on the toilet-table or the tea-table of some learned lady friend.
或者他可以把它放在某个有学识的女性朋友的梳妆台或茶几上。
Or, finally, what certainly is best of all, and I specially advise it, he can review it.
或者，最后，最重要的是，我特别建议他可以复习。
                   ‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐  And now that I have allowed myself the jest to which in this two-sided life hardly any page can be too serious to grant a place, I part with the book with deep seriousness, in the sure hope that sooner or later it will reach those to whom alone it can be addressed; and for the rest, patiently resigned that the same fate should, in full measure, befall it, that in all ages has, to some extent, befallen all knowledge, and especially the weightiest knowledge of the truth, to which only a brief triumph is allotted between the two long periods in which it is condemned as paradoxical or disparaged as trivial.
现在我已经允许自己开个玩笑了双面生活几乎没有哪一页会太严肃而无法占据一席之地，我以深深的严肃态度与这本书分开，希望迟早它会到达那些只能向那些只能向其致意的人；对于其余的人，耐心地接受了同样的命运应该完全降临在它身上，在所有时代中，在某种程度上，所有知识都降临在所有知识上，尤其是最重要的真理知识上，只有短暂的胜利才能实现这一点。被分配在两个漫长的时期之间，在这两个时期中，它被谴责为自相矛盾或被贬为琐碎。
The former fate is also wont to befall its author.
前一种命运也常常降临在它的作者身上。
But life is short, and truth works far and lives long: let us speak the truth.
但生命短暂，而真理作用深远，寿命长久：让我们说实话。
 _Written at Dresden in August 1818._      PREFACE TO THE SECOND EDITION.
 _1818 年 8 月写于德累斯顿。_ 第二版序言。
  Not to my contemporaries, not to my compatriots—to mankind I commit my now completed work in the confidence that it will not be without value for them, even if this should be late recognised, as is commonly the lot of what is good.
不是为了我的同时代人，不是为了我的同胞，而是为了人类，我将我现已完成的工作交付给人类，并相信它对他们不会没有价值，即使这一点应该很晚才被认识到，就像通常的善事一样。
For it cannot have been for the passing generation, engrossed with the delusion of the moment, that my mind, almost against my will, has uninterruptedly stuck to its work through the course of a long life.
因为对于过去的一代人来说，全神贯注于当下的幻想，我的思想几乎违背我的意愿，在漫长的一生中不间断地坚持自己的工作，这是不可能的。
And while the lapse of time has not been able to make me doubt the worth of my work, neither has the lack of sympathy; for I constantly saw the false and the bad, and finally the absurd and senseless,(2) stand in universal admiration and honour, and I bethought myself that if it were not the case those who are capable of recognising the genuine and right are so rare that we may look for them in vain for some twenty years, then those who are capable of producing it could not be so few that their works afterwards form an exception to the perishableness of earthly things; and thus would be lost the reviving prospect of posterity which every one who sets before himself a high aim requires to strengthen him.
虽然时间的流逝并没有让我怀疑我的工作的价值，但缺乏同情心也没有让我怀疑我的工作的价值。因为我不断地看到虚假的和坏的，最后看到荒谬和无意义的，（2）受到普遍的钦佩和荣誉，我想，如果不是这样，那些能够识别真实和正确的人也将如此。难得的是，我们寻找它们大约二十年却徒劳无功，那么，有能力创作它们的人就不会少得可怜，以至于他们的作品后来成为尘世事物的易逝性的例外。这样就会失去子孙后代复兴的前景，而每一个为自己设定崇高目标的人都需要这种前景来增强自己的力量。
 Whoever seriously takes up and pursues an object that does not lead to material advantages, must not count on the sympathy of his contemporaries.
凡是认真从事和追求不会带来物质利益的目标的人，都不能指望得到同时代人的同情。
For the most part he will see, however, that in the meantime the superficial aspect of that object becomes current in the world, and enjoys its day; and this is as it should be.
然而，在大多数情况下，他会看到，与此同时，该物体的肤浅方面在世界上变得流行，并享受它的日子；这是应该的。
The object itself must be pursued for its own sake, otherwise it cannot be attained; for any design or intention is always dangerous to insight.
目标本身必须为了目标而追求，否则就无法实现；因为任何设计或意图对于洞察力来说总是危险的。
Accordingly, as the whole history of literature proves, everything of real value required a long time to gain acceptance, especially if it belonged to the class of instructive, not entertaining, works; and meanwhile the false flourished.
因此，正如整个文学史所证明的那样，一切真正有价值的东西都需要很长时间才能获得接受，特别是如果它属于教育性而非娱乐性的作品；与此同时，虚假的事物却盛行起来。
For to combine the object with its superficial appearance is difficult, when it is not impossible.
因为将物体与其表面外观结合起来是很困难的，但并非不可能。
Indeed that is just the curse of this world of want and need, that everything must serve and slave for these; and therefore it is not so constituted that any noble and sublime effort, like the endeavour after light and truth, can prosper unhindered and exist for its own sake.
事实上，这正是这个充满匮乏和需要的世界的诅咒，一切都必须为这些人服务和奴役；因此，任何崇高而崇高的努力，就像追求光明和真理的努力一样，都不能不受阻碍地繁荣发展并为自身而存在。
But even if such an endeavour has once succeeded in asserting itself, and the conception of it has thus been introduced, material interests and personal aims will immediately take possession of it, in order to make it their tool or their mask.
但是，即使这种努力一旦成功地发挥了作用，并且引入了它的概念，物质利益和个人目的也将立即占据它，以使其成为他们的工具或面具。
Accordingly, when Kant brought philosophy again into repute, it had soon to become the tool of political aims from above, and personal aims from below; although, strictly speaking, not philosophy itself, but its ghost, that passes for it.
因此，当康德再次让哲学声名鹊起时，它很快就成为自上而下的政治目标和自下而上的个人目标的工具；尽管严格来说，这并不是哲学本身，而是它的幽灵。
This should not really astonish us; for the incredibly large majority of men are by nature quite incapable of any but material aims, indeed they can conceive no others.
这不应该让我们感到惊讶。因为绝大多数人本质上除了物质目标外就没有能力实现任何目标，事实上他们无法想象其他目标。
Thus the pursuit of truth alone is far too lofty and eccentric an endeavour for us to expect all or many, or indeed even a few, faithfully to take part in.
因此，仅仅追求真理是一项过于崇高和古怪的努力，我们无法期望所有人或许多人，甚至少数人忠实地参与其中。
If yet we see, as for example at present in Germany, a remarkable activity, a general moving, writing, and talking with reference to philosophical subjects, we may confidently assume that, in spite of solemn looks and assurances, only real, not ideal aims, are the actual _primum mobile_, the concealed motive of such a movement; that it is personal, official, ecclesiastical, political, in short, material ends that are really kept in view, and consequently that mere party ends set the pens of so many pretended philosophers in such rapid motion.
如果我们还看到，例如目前在德国发生的一项引人注目的活动，普遍涉及哲学主题的活动、写作和谈话，我们可以自信地假设，尽管有庄严的表情和保证，但只是真实的，而不是理想的。目标，是实际的“主要活动”，是这种运动的隐藏动机；真正受到关注的是个人的、官方的、教会的、政治的，简而言之，物质的目的，因此，仅仅党派的目的就让许多假装哲学家的笔变得如此快速。
Thus some design or intention, not the desire of insight, is the guiding star of these disturbers of the peace, and truth is certainly the last thing that is thought of in the matter.
因此，一些计划或意图，而不是洞察力的愿望，是这些和平扰乱者的指路明灯，而真相无疑是事情中最后想到的事情。
It finds no partisans; rather, it may pursue its way as silently and unheeded through such a philosophical riot as through the winter night of the darkest century bound in the rigid faith of the church, when it was communicated only to a few alchemists as esoteric learning, or entrusted it may be only to the parchment.
它没有发现任何党派；相反，它可能会在哲学骚乱中悄无声息地、无人理睬地前行，就像在最黑暗的世纪的冬夜里，被教会的严格信仰所束缚一样，当时它只作为深奥的学问传播给少数炼金术士，或委托给它。可能只是到了羊皮纸。
Indeed I might say that no time can be more unfavourable to philosophy than that in which it is shamefully misused, on the one hand to further political objects, on the other as a means of livelihood.
事实上，我可以说，对于哲学来说，没有比哲学被可耻地滥用更不利的了，一方面是为了进一步的政治目标，另一方面是作为谋生手段。
Or is it believed that somehow, with such effort and such a turmoil, the truth, at which it by no means aims, will also be brought to light? Truth is no prostitute, that throws herself away upon those who do not desire her; she is rather so coy a beauty that he who sacrifices everything to her cannot even then be sure of her favour.
或者是否相信，通过这样的努力和这样的混乱，它绝不是为了达到目的的真相也会被揭露出来？真理不是妓女，她会向那些不渴望她的人倾倒自己。她是一个如此腼腆的美人，以至于为她牺牲一切的人甚至无法确保得到她的青睐。
 If Governments make philosophy a means of furthering political ends, learned men see in philosophical professorships a trade that nourishes the outer man just like any other; therefore they crowd after them in the assurance of their good intentions, that is, the purpose of subserving these ends.
如果政府把哲学作为促进政治目的的一种手段，那么学者们就会把哲学教授职位看作是一种滋养外在人的行业，就像其他行业一样；因此，他们蜂拥而至，确信自己的善意，即促进这些目标的目的。
And they keep their word: not truth, not clearness, not Plato, not Aristotle, but the ends they were appointed to serve are their guiding star, and become at once the criterion of what is true, valuable, and to be respected, and of the opposites of these.
他们信守诺言：不是真理，不是清晰，不是柏拉图，不是亚里士多德，但他们被指定服务的目标是他们的指导星，并立即成为判断什么是真实的、有价值的、值得尊重的标准。这些的对立面。
Whatever, therefore, does not answer these ends, even if it were the most important and extraordinary things in their department, is either condemned, or, when this seems hazardous, suppressed by being unanimously ignored.
因此，任何不符合这些目标的东西，即使它是他们部门中最重要和最非凡的事情，要么受到谴责，要么，当这看起来很危险时，被一致忽视而受到压制。
Look only at their zeal against pantheism; will any simpleton believe that it proceeds from conviction? And, in general, how is it possible that philosophy, degraded to the position of a means of making one’s bread, can fail to degenerate into sophistry? Just because this is infallibly the case, and the rule, “I sing the song of him whose bread I eat,” has always held good, the making of money by philosophy was regarded by the ancients as the characteristic of the sophists.
只要看看他们反对泛神论的热情就知道了；会有哪个傻瓜相信它是从信念中产生的吗？总的来说，哲学既然沦落为谋生手段，怎么可能不堕落为诡辩呢？正是因为事实如此，而且“我为我所吃的面包而唱的歌”这一规则历来有效，所以古人认为靠哲学赚钱是智者的特征。
But we have still to add this, that since throughout this world nothing is to be expected, can be demanded, or is to be had for gold but mediocrity, we must be contented with it here also.
但我们还必须补充一点，既然在这个世界上，除了平庸之外，没有什么可以期待、可以要求或可以拥有黄金，所以我们在这里也必须满足于它。
Consequently we see in all the German universities the cherished mediocrity striving to produce the philosophy which as yet is not there to produce, at its own expense and indeed in accordance with a predetermined standard and aim, a spectacle at which it would be almost cruel to mock.
因此，我们在所有德国大学中看到，人们所珍视的平庸努力创造出一种哲学，而这种哲学迄今为止还无法以自己的代价，实际上按照预先确定的标准和目标，创造出一种奇观，如果要创造这种奇观，那将是近乎残酷的。嘲笑。
 While thus philosophy has long been obliged to serve entirely as a means to public ends on the one side and private ends on the other, I have pursued the course of my thought, undisturbed by them, for more than thirty years, and simply because I was obliged to do so and could not help myself, from an instinctive impulse, which was, however, supported by the confidence that anything true one may have thought, and anything obscure one may have thrown light upon, will appeal to any thinking mind, no matter when it comprehends it, and will rejoice and comfort it.
因此，哲学长期以来被迫完全作为一种手段，一方面达到公共目的，另一方面达到私人目的，但三十多年来，我一直在不受它们干扰的情况下追求我的思想进程，仅仅是因为我我不得不这样做，而且无法控制自己，出于一种本能的冲动，然而，这种冲动得到了相信的支持，即任何真实的人可能想到的东西，以及任何晦涩难懂的人可能已经阐明的东西，都会吸引任何有思想的头脑，无论什么时候领悟了，都会欢喜、安慰。
To such an one we speak as those who are like us have spoken to us, and have so become our comfort in the wilderness of this life.
我们对这样的人说话就像那些像我们一样的人对我们说话，并因此成为我们在今生的旷野中的安慰。
Meanwhile the object is pursued on its own account and for its own sake.
与此同时，人们为了自己的利益而追求这个目标。
Now it happens curiously enough with philosophical meditations, that precisely that which one has thought out and investigated for oneself, is afterwards of benefit to others; not that, however, which was originally intended for others.
现在，在哲学沉思中发生的事情非常奇怪，正是一个人为自己思考和研究的东西，后来对他人有益;然而，这并不是最初为其他人准备的。
The former is confessedly nearest in character to perfect honesty; for a man does not seek to deceive himself, nor does he offer himself empty husks; so that all sophistication and all mere talk is omitted, and consequently every sentence that is written at once repays the trouble of reading it.
诚然，前者的性格最接近完美的诚实；后者的性格无疑最接近完美的诚实。因为人不会自欺欺人，也不会给自己空壳。因此，所有的复杂性和所有的空谈都被省略了，因此，立即写下的每句话都值得阅读它的麻烦。
Thus my writings bear the stamp of honesty and openness so distinctly on the face of them, that by this alone they are a glaring contrast to those of three celebrated sophists of the post-Kantian period.
因此，我的作品表面上明显带有诚实和开放的印记，仅凭这一点，它们就与后康德时期三位著名智者的作品形成了鲜明的对比。
I am always to be found at the standpoint of _reflection_, _i.e._, rational deliberation and honest statement, never at that of _inspiration_, called intellectual intuition, or absolute thought; though, if it received its proper name, it would be called empty bombast and charlatanism.
我总是站在_反思_的立场上，即理性的深思熟虑和诚实的陈述，从来没有站在_灵感_的立场上，所谓的理智直觉或绝对思想；然而，如果它有一个正确的名字，那就是空洞的夸夸其谈和江湖骗子。
Working then in this spirit, and always seeing the false and bad in universal acceptance, yea, bombast(3) and charlatanism(4) in the highest honour, I have long renounced the approbation of my contemporaries.
然后本着这种精神工作，总是以最高荣誉看待普遍接受的虚假和坏事，是的，夸夸其谈（3）和江湖骗子（4），我早已放弃了同时代人的认可。
It is impossible that an age which for twenty years has applauded a Hegel, that intellectual Caliban, as the greatest of the philosophers, so loudly that it echoes through the whole of Europe, could make him who has looked on at that desirous of its approbation.
在一个二十年来一直为黑格尔、知识分子卡利班鼓掌喝彩的时代，他是最伟大的哲学家，其响亮之声响彻整个欧洲，不可能使那些目睹了黑格尔的人渴望得到它的认可。 。
It has no more crowns of honour to bestow; its applause is prostituted, and its censure has no significance.
它没有更多的荣誉冠冕可以授予；它的掌声是淫荡的，它的谴责是没有意义的。
That I mean what I say is attested by the fact that if I had in any way sought the approbation of my contemporaries, I would have had to strike out a score of passages which entirely contradict all their opinions, and indeed must in part be offensive to them.
我的意思是，我所说的内容已得到以下事实的证明：如果我以任何方式寻求同时代人的认可，我就不得不删除掉许多与他们的观点完全矛盾的段落，而且确实部分是令人反感的。给他们。
But I would count it a crime to sacrifice a single syllable to that approbation.
但我认为为了这种认可而牺牲一个音节就是一种犯罪。
My guiding star has, in all seriousness, been truth.
说实话，我的指导星就是真理。
Following it, I could first aspire only to my own approbation, entirely averted from an age deeply degraded as regards all higher intellectual efforts, and a national literature demoralised even to the exceptions, a literature in which the art of combining lofty words with paltry significance has reached its height.
随之而来的，我首先只能追求的是我自己的认可，完全避免了一个在所有高等智力努力方面都严重退化的时代，以及一种甚至连例外都士气低落的民族文学，一种将崇高的言辞与微不足道的意义相结合的艺术的文学。已经达到了它的高度。
I can certainly never escape from the errors and weaknesses which, in my case as in every one else’s, necessarily belong to my nature; but I will not increase them by unworthy accommodations.
我当然永远无法摆脱错误和弱点，就我而言，就像其他人一样，这些错误和弱点必然属于我的本性。但我不会通过不值得的住宿来增加它们。
 As regards this second edition, first of all I am glad to say that after five and twenty years I find nothing to retract; so that my fundamental convictions have only been confirmed, as far as concerns myself at least.
关于第二版，首先我很高兴地说，五年、二十年后我发现没有什么可以撤回的；这样我的基本信念才得到证实，至少就我自己而言。
The alterations in the first volume therefore, which contains the whole text of the first edition, nowhere touch what is essential.
因此，包含第一版全文的第一卷中的修改没有触及本质内容。
Sometimes they concern things of merely secondary importance, and more often consist of very short explanatory additions inserted here and there.
有时它们只涉及次要的事情，而且更常见的是到处插入非常简短的解释性补充。
Only the criticism of the Kantian philosophy has received important corrections and large additions, for these could not be put into a supplementary book, such as those which are given in the second volume, and which correspond to each of the four books that contain the exposition of my own doctrine.
只有对康德哲学的批评得到了重要的修正和大量的补充，因为这些内容不能放入补充书中，例如第二卷中给出的内容，并且与包含阐述的四本书中的每一本书相对应我自己的教义。
In the case of the latter, I have chosen this form of enlarging and improving them, because the five and twenty years that have passed since they were composed have produced so marked a change in my method of exposition and in my style, that it would not have done to combine the content of the second volume with that of the first, as both must have suffered by the fusion.
就后者而言，我之所以选择这种放大和改进的形式，是因为它们写成后的五年、二十年已经使我的阐述方法和风格发生了如此显着的变化，以至于没有将第二卷的内容与第一卷的内容结合起来，因为两者肯定都因融合而受到影响。
I therefore give both works separately, and in the earlier exposition, even in many places where I would now express myself quite differently, I have changed nothing, because I desired to guard against spoiling the work of my earlier years through the carping criticism of age.
因此，我将这两部作品分开呈现，在之前的阐述中，即使在许多我现在会以完全不同的方式表达自己的地方，我也没有做任何改变，因为我希望防止通过对年龄的挑剔批评来破坏我早年的作品。 。
What in this regard might need correction will correct itself in the mind of the reader with the help of the second volume.
在这方面可能需要纠正的地方将在第二卷的帮助下在读者的脑海中自行纠正。
Both volumes have, in the full sense of the word, a supplementary relation to each other, so far as this rests on the fact that one age of human life is, intellectually, the supplement of another.
从字面上看，这两卷书彼此之间存在着一种补充关系，因为这种关系所依据的事实是，人类生命的一个时代在智力上是另一个时代的补充。
It will therefore be found, not only that each volume contains what the other lacks, but that the merits of the one consist peculiarly in that which is wanting in the other.
因此，我们会发现，不仅每一卷都包含了另一卷所缺乏的内容，而且每一卷的优点都特别在于另一卷所缺乏的内容。
Thus, if the first half of my work surpasses the second in what can only be supplied by the fire of youth and the energy of first conceptions, the second will surpass the first by the ripeness and complete elaboration of the thought which can only belong to the fruit of the labour of a long life.
因此，如果说我的前半部作品在只有青春之火和最初构想的能量才能提供的方面超越了后半部，那么第二部作品也将在思想的成熟度和完整阐述方面超越前半部，而这种思想只能属于长寿劳动的成果。
For when I had the strength originally to grasp the fundamental thought of my system, to follow it at once into its four branches, to return from them to the unity of their origin, and then to explain the whole distinctly, I could not yet be in a position to work out all the branches of the system with the fulness, thoroughness, and elaborateness which is only reached by the meditation of many years—meditation which is required to test and illustrate the system by innumerable facts, to support it by the most different kinds of proof, to throw light on it from all sides, and then to place the different points of view boldly in contrast, to separate thoroughly the multifarious materials, and present them in a well-arranged whole.
因为当我最初有力量掌握我的体系的基本思想，立即将其分为四个分支，从它们返回到它们起源的统一，然后清楚地解释整体时，我还无法能够完整、彻底和详尽地制定出该系统的所有分支，而这只有通过多年的冥想才能达到——需要冥想来通过无数的事实来检验和说明该系统，并通过各种不同的证据，从各个方面加以阐明，然后将不同的观点大胆对比，将繁杂的材料彻底分开，并以一个有条理的整体呈现出来。
Therefore, although it would, no doubt, have been more agreeable to the reader to have my whole work in one piece, instead of consisting, as it now does, of two halves, which must be combined in using them, he must reflect that this would have demanded that I should accomplish at one period of life what it is only possible to accomplish in two, for I would have had to possess the qualities at one period of life that nature has divided between two quite different ones.
因此，尽管毫无疑问，读者会更愿意将我的整部作品合而为一，而不是像现在那样由两半组成，在使用它们时必须将它们结合起来，但他必须反映这一点这就要求我在人生的一个阶段完成只能在两个阶段才能完成的事情，因为我必须在生命的一个阶段拥有自然划分为两个截然不同的阶段的品质。
Hence the necessity of presenting my work in two halves supplementary to each other may be compared to the necessity in consequence of which a chromatic object-glass, which cannot be made out of one piece, is produced by joining together a convex lens of flint glass and a concave lens of crown glass, the combined effect of which is what was sought.
因此，将我的作品分为两个互补的两半来展示的必要性可以与通过将燧石玻璃凸透镜连接在一起来生产彩色物镜的必要性进行比较，该彩色物镜不能由一块制成。和冕玻璃凹透镜，其综合效果正是我们所寻求的。
Yet, on the other hand, the reader will find some compensation for the inconvenience of using two volumes at once, in the variety and the relief which is afforded by the handling of the same subject, by the same mind, in the same spirit, but in very different years.
然而，另一方面，读者会发现同时使用两卷书的不便得到了一些补偿，因为通过相同的思想、以相同的精神处理同一主题所提供的多样性和轻松感，但在非常不同的年份。
However, it is very advisable that those who are not yet acquainted with my philosophy should first of all read the first volume without using the supplementary books, and should make use of these only on a second perusal; otherwise it would be too difficult for them to grasp the system in its connection.
不过，非常建议那些还不熟悉我的哲学的人首先阅读第一卷，不要使用补充书籍，并且应该在第二次阅读时才使用这些补充书籍；否则他们就很难掌握这个系统的联系。
For it is only thus explained in the first volume, while the second is devoted to a more detailed investigation and a complete development of the individual doctrines.
因为第一卷只是这样解释的，而第二卷则致力于对各个学说进行更详细的研究和完整的发展。
Even those who should not make up their minds to a second reading of the first volume had better not read the second volume till after the first, and then for itself, in the ordinary sequence of its chapters, which, at any rate, stand in some kind of connection, though a somewhat looser one, the gaps of which they will fully supply by the recollection of the first volume, if they have thoroughly comprehended it.
即使那些不打算再读第一卷的人，也最好先读完第一卷再读第二卷，然后按照章节的通常顺序阅读第二卷，无论如何，某种联系，虽然有些松散，但如果他们彻底理解了第一卷，他们将通过回忆第一卷来完全填补其中的空白。
Besides, they will find everywhere the reference to the corresponding passages of the first volume, the paragraphs of which I have numbered in the second edition for this purpose, though in the first edition they were only divided by lines.
此外，他们到处都会找到对第一卷相应段落的参考，我在第二版中为此目的对这些段落进行了编号，尽管在第一版中它们只是按行划分。
 I have already explained in the preface to the first edition, that my philosophy is founded on that of Kant, and therefore presupposes a thorough knowledge of it.
我已经在第一版的序言中解释过，我的哲学是建立在康德哲学的基础上的，因此以对其有透彻的了解为前提。
I repeat this here.
我在这里重复一遍。
For Kant’s teaching produces in the mind of every one who has comprehended it a fundamental change which is so great that it may be regarded as an intellectual new-birth.
因为康德的学说在每个理解它的人的心灵中产生了根本性的变化，这种变化是如此之大，以至于可以被视为一种智力上的新生。
It alone is able really to remove the inborn realism which proceeds from the original character of the intellect, which neither Berkeley nor Malebranche succeed in doing, for they remain too much in the universal, while Kant goes into the particular, and indeed in a way that is quite unexampled both before and after him, and which has quite a peculiar, and, we might say, immediate effect upon the mind in consequence of which it undergoes a complete undeception, and forthwith looks at all things in another light.
只有它才能真正消除从智力的原始特征中产生的天生的实在论，而贝克莱和马勒伯朗士都未能做到这一点，因为他们过多地停留在普遍性中，而康德却进入了特殊性，而且确实在某种程度上这在他之前和之后都是绝无仅有的，并且它对心灵产生了一种非常奇特的、我们可以说是直接的影响，因此它经历了完全的不欺骗，并立即以另一种眼光看待一切事物。
Only in this way can any one become susceptible to the more positive expositions which I have to give.
只有这样，任何人才能对我必须给出的更积极的阐述敏感。
On the other hand, he who has not mastered the Kantian philosophy, whatever else he may have studied, is, as it were, in a state of innocence; that is to say, he remains in the grasp of that natural and childish realism in which we are all born, and which fits us for everything possible, with the single exception of philosophy.
另一方面，一个没有掌握康德哲学的人，无论他学过什么其他的东西，都可以说是处于一种纯真的状态；也就是说，他仍然掌握着自然而幼稚的现实主义，我们都是在这种现实主义中出生的，它适合我们一切可能的事物，除了哲学。
Such a man then stands to the man who knows the Kantian philosophy as a minor to a man of full age.
这样的人对于懂得康德哲学的人来说就如同未成年人对于成年人一样。
That this truth should nowadays sound paradoxical, which would not have been the case in the first thirty years after the appearance of the Critique of Reason, is due to the fact that a generation has grown up that does not know Kant properly, because it has never heard more of him than a hasty, impatient lecture, or an account at second-hand; and this again is due to the fact that in consequence of bad guidance, this generation has wasted its time with the philosophemes of vulgar, uncalled men, or even of bombastic sophists, which are unwarrantably commended to it.
这个真理在今天听起来似乎是自相矛盾的，而在《理性批判》出现后的头三十年里，情况并非如此，这是因为这一代人在成长过程中并没有正确地了解康德，因为他们已经长大了。关于他，除了一次仓促、不耐烦的演讲或二手叙述之外，从未听过更多的事情。这又是由于这样一个事实：由于指导不当，这一代人把时间浪费在庸俗无名之人的哲学思想上，甚至是夸夸其谈的诡辩家的哲学思想上，而这些哲学思想却受到了无理的赞扬。
Hence the confusion of fundamental conceptions, and in general the unspeakable crudeness and awkwardness that appears from under the covering of affectation and pretentiousness in the philosophical attempts of the generation thus brought up.
因此，在这样培养出来的一代人的哲学尝试中，基本概念的混乱，以及在矫揉造作的掩盖下，总体上显得难以言表的粗俗和笨拙。
But whoever thinks he can learn Kant’s philosophy from the exposition of others makes a terrible mistake.
但任何认为自己可以从他人的阐述中学习康德哲学的人都犯了一个可怕的错误。
Nay, rather I must earnestly warn against such accounts, especially the more recent ones; and indeed in the years just past I have met with expositions of the Kantian philosophy in the writings of the Hegelians which actually reach the incredible.
不，相反，我必须认真警告此类帐户，尤其是最近的帐户；事实上，在过去的几年里，我在黑格尔派的著作中看到了康德哲学的阐述，这些阐述实际上达到了令人难以置信的程度。
How should the minds that in the freshness of youth have been strained and ruined by the nonsense of Hegelism, be still capable of following Kant’s profound investigations? They are early accustomed to take the hollowest jingle of words for philosophical thoughts, the most miserable sophisms for acuteness, and silly conceits for dialectic, and their minds are disorganised through the admission of mad combinations of words to which the mind torments and exhausts itself in vain to attach some thought.
那些在年轻时就被黑格尔主义的胡言乱语所折磨和摧残的头脑，怎么还能继续追随康德的深刻探究呢？他们很早就习惯于将最空洞的词语视为哲学思想，将最悲惨的诡辩视为敏锐，将愚蠢的自负视为辩证法，他们的思想因接受疯狂的词语组合而变得混乱，这些词语折磨着他们，使他们精疲力尽。徒劳地附加一些想法。
No Critique of Reason can avail them, no philosophy, they need a _medicina mentis_, first as a sort of purgative, _un petit cours de senscommunologie_, and then one must further see whether, in their case, there can even be any talk of philosophy.
任何理性批判都无法帮助他们，也没有哲学，他们需要一种_medicina mentis_，首先作为一种泻药，_un petit cours de senscommunologie_，然后人们必须进一步看看，在他们的情况下，是否甚至可以谈论哲学。
The Kantian doctrine then will be sought for in vain anywhere else but in Kant’s own works; but these are throughout instructive, even where he errs, even where he fails.
那么，除了康德自己的著作之外，在其他任何地方寻找康德学说都是徒劳的。但这些自始至终都是有启发性的，即使他犯了错误，甚至失败了。
In consequence of his originality, it holds good of him in the highest degree, as indeed of all true philosophers, that one can only come to know them from their own works, not from the accounts of others.
由于他的独创性，正如所有真正的哲学家一样，他在最高程度上得到了认可，人们只能从他们自己的著作中了解他们，而不是从别人的叙述中了解他们。
For the thoughts of any extraordinary intellect cannot stand being filtered through the vulgar mind.
因为任何非凡智慧的思想都无法忍受被庸俗思想所过滤。
Born behind the broad, high, finely-arched brow, from under which shine beaming eyes, they lose all power and life, and appear no longer like themselves, when removed to the narrow lodging and low roofing of the confined, contracted, thick-walled skull from which dull glances steal directed to personal ends.
他们出生在宽阔、高高、精致的拱形眉毛后面，从眉毛下面闪闪发光的眼睛，他们失去了所有的力量和生命，并且看起来不再像他们自己，当搬到狭窄的住处和低矮的屋顶的狭窄的，收缩的，厚重的 -有围墙的头骨，呆滞的目光从那里偷偷瞄向个人目的。
Indeed we may say that minds of this kind act like an uneven glass, in which everything is twisted and distorted, loses the regularity of its beauty, and becomes a caricature.
事实上，我们可以说，这种心灵就像一面凹凸不平的玻璃，里面的一切都扭曲变形，失去了其美的规律性，变成了一幅漫画。
Only from their authors themselves can we receive philosophical thoughts; therefore whoever feels himself drawn to philosophy must himself seek out its immortal teachers in the still sanctuary of their works.
只有从他们的作者本人那里，我们才能接受哲学思想；因此，任何一个觉得自己被哲学所吸引的人，都必须亲自在其著作的静谧圣殿中寻找不朽的导师。
The principal chapters of any one of these true philosophers will afford a thousand times more insight into their doctrines than the heavy and distorted accounts of them that everyday men produce, who are still for the most part deeply entangled in the fashionable philosophy of the time, or in the sentiments of their own minds.
这些真正的哲学家中的任何一位的主要章节都比普通人对他们的学说的沉重和扭曲的描述提供了千倍的洞察力，而普通人在很大程度上仍然深深地纠缠在当时的流行哲学中。或者是他们自己内心的感受。
But it is astonishing how decidedly the public seizes by preference on these expositions at second-hand.
但令人惊讶的是，公众对这些二手展览的偏爱程度如此明显。
It seems really as if elective affinities were at work here, by virtue of which the common nature is drawn to its like, and therefore will rather hear what a great man has said from one of its own kind.
看起来，似乎选择性的亲和力在这里发挥了作用，凭借这种亲和力，共同的本性被吸引到同类中，因此更愿意听一位伟人从同类中说出的话。
Perhaps this rests on the same principle as that of mutual instruction, according to which children learn best from children.
也许这与相互指导的原则相同，根据这一原则，孩子们从孩子那里学到的东西最好。
                   ‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐  One word more for the professors of philosophy.
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
I have always been compelled to admire not merely the sagacity, the true and fine tact with which, immediately on its appearance, they recognised my philosophy as something altogether different from and indeed dangerous to their own attempts, or, in popular language, something that would not suit their turn; but also the sure and astute policy by virtue of which they at once discovered the proper procedure with regard to it, the complete harmony with which they applied it, and the persistency with which they have remained faithful to it.
我一直不得不钦佩的不仅仅是我的睿智、真实而巧妙的机智，他们一看到我的哲学就立即意识到我的哲学与他们自己的尝试完全不同，而且实际上对他们自己的尝试来说是危险的，或者用通俗的语言来说，这是一种不适合轮到他们；不仅如此，他们还采取了可靠而精明的政策，凭借这种政策，他们立即发现了相关的正确程序，他们在应用该政策时表现得完全和谐，并且坚持不懈地忠实于该政策。
This procedure, which further commended itself by the great ease of carrying it out, consists, as is well known, in altogether ignoring and thus in secreting—according to Goethe’s malicious phrase, which just means the appropriating of what is of weight and significance.
众所周知，这一程序因其执行起来非常容易而进一步受到称赞，它包括完全忽视，从而包括秘密——根据歌德恶意的说法，这只是意味着挪用重要和有意义的东西。
The efficiency of this quiet means is increased by the Corybantic shouts with which those who are at one reciprocally greet the birth of their own spiritual children—shouts which compel the public to look and note the air of importance with which they congratulate themselves on the event.
这种安静手段的效率因科里班特式的呼喊而得到提高，人们用这种呼喊互相欢迎自己的精神孩子的诞生——这种呼喊迫使公众注视并注意到他们为这一事件而祝贺自己的重要神态。 。
Who can mistake the object of such proceedings? Is there then nothing to oppose to the maxim, _primum vivere, deinde philosophari_? These gentlemen desire to live, and indeed to live by philosophy.
谁会弄错这种诉讼的对象呢？那么，没有什么可以反对“primum vivere, deinde philosophari”这句格言吗？这些先生们渴望生活，而且确实是靠哲学生活。
To philosophy they are assigned with their wives and children, and in spite of Petrarch’s _povera e nuda vai filosofia_, they have staked everything upon it.
他们和他们的妻子和孩子都被分配到哲学上，尽管彼特拉克的_povera e nuda vai filosofia_，他们已经把一切都押在了上面。
Now my philosophy is by no means so constituted that any one can live by it.
我的哲学绝不是任何人都可以靠它生活的。
It lacks the first indispensable requisite of a well-paid professional philosophy, a speculative theology, which—in spite of the troublesome Kant with his Critique of Reason—should and must, it is supposed, be the chief theme of all philosophy, even if it thus takes on itself the task of talking straight on of that of which it can know absolutely nothing.
它缺乏高薪专业哲学的第一个不可或缺的必要条件，即思辨神学，尽管康德的《理性批判》令人烦恼，但人们认为，思辨神学应该而且必须是所有哲学的主要主题，即使因此，它承担了直接谈论它完全不知道的事情的任务。
Indeed my philosophy does not permit to the professors the fiction they have so cunningly devised, and which has become so indispensable to them, of a reason that knows, perceives, or apprehends immediately and absolutely.
事实上，我的哲学不允许教授们虚构他们如此巧妙地设计的、对他们来说变得如此不可或缺的虚构，即一种立即而绝对地知道、感知或理解的理性。
This is a doctrine which it is only necessary to impose upon the reader at starting, in order to pass in the most comfortable manner in the world, as it were in a chariot and four, into that region beyond the possibility of all experience, which Kant has wholly and for ever shut out from our knowledge, and in which are found immediately revealed and most beautifully arranged the fundamental dogmas of modern, Judaising, optimistic Christianity.
这是一种学说，只需在开始时就强加给读者，以便以世界上最舒适的方式，就像乘坐一辆四轮战车一样，进入那个超越所有经验可能性的区域，康德完全地、永远地把我们的知识拒之门外，而在这些知识中，现代的、犹太化的、乐观的基督教的基本教条立即被揭示出来，并以最美妙的方式安排。
Now what in the world has my subtle philosophy, deficient as it is in these essential requisites, with no intentional aim, and unable to afford a means of subsistence, whose pole star is truth alone the naked, unrewarded, unbefriended, often persecuted truth, and which steers straight for it without looking to the right hand or the left,—what, I say, has this to do with that _alma mater_, the good, well-to-do university philosophy which, burdened with a hundred aims and a thousand motives, comes on its course cautiously tacking, while it keeps before its eyes at all times the fear of the Lord, the will of the ministry, the laws of the established church, the wishes of the publisher, the attendance of the students, the goodwill of colleagues, the course of current politics, the momentary tendency of the public, and Heaven knows what besides? Or what has my quiet, earnest search for truth in common with the noisy scholastic disputations of the chair and the benches, the inmost motives of which are always personal aims.
现在，世界上有什么我的微妙哲学，尽管它缺乏这些基本必需品，没有有意的目标，也无力负担生存手段，但它的北极星只是真理，赤裸裸的，没有回报的，不受欢迎的，经常受到迫害的真理，它径直驶向它，不看右手或左手，我想说，这与母校有什么关系，这所美好的、富裕的大学哲学，背负着一百个目标和一个千百个动机，小心翼翼地前进，同时始终把对主的敬畏、事工的意愿、既定教会的法律、出版商的愿望、学生的出勤率放在眼前，同事的善意、时政的走向、公众的一时倾向，天知道还有什么？或者说，我安静而认真地寻求真理，与椅子和长凳上喧闹的学术争论有何共同之处，其最内在的动机始终是个人目标。
The two kinds of philosophy are, indeed, radically different.
这两种哲学确实截然不同。
Thus it is that with me there is no compromise and no fellowship, that no one reaps any benefit from my works but the man who seeks the truth alone, and therefore none of the philosophical parties of the day; for they all follow their own aims, while I have only insight into truth to offer, which suits none of these aims, because it is not modelled after any of them.
因此，与我之间没有妥协，没有友谊，除了独自寻求真理的人之外，没有人从我的作品中获得任何利益，因此没有当今的任何哲学派别的；因为他们都遵循自己的目标，而我只能提供对真理的洞察力，这不适合这些目标，因为它不是以他们中的任何一个为蓝本的。
If my philosophy is to become susceptible of professorial exposition, the times must entirely change.
如果我的哲学要变得容易受到教授的阐述，时代就必须彻底改变。
What a pretty thing it would be if a philosophy by which nobody could live were to gain for itself light and air, not to speak of the general ear! This must be guarded against, and all must oppose it as one man.
如果一种没有人能够赖以生存的哲学能够为自己赢得光明和空气，更不用说普通的耳朵了，那将是多么美好的事情啊！这是必须警惕的，大家必须一体反对。
But it is not just such an easy game to controvert and refute; and, moreover, these are mistaken means to employ, because they just direct the attention of the public to the matter, and its taste for the lucubrations of the professors of philosophy might be destroyed by the perusal of my writings.
但这并不是一个容易引起争议和反驳的游戏；而且，这些都是错误的使用方式，因为它们只是将公众的注意力引向问题，而公众对哲学教授深入研究的兴趣可能会因细读我的著作而被摧毁。
For whoever has tasted of earnest will not relish jest, especially when it is tiresome.
因为凡是尝过认真滋味的人都不会喜欢玩笑，尤其是当玩笑令人厌烦时。
Therefore the silent system, so unanimously adopted, is the only right one, and I can only advise them to stick to it and go on with it as long as it will answer, that is, until to ignore is taken to imply ignorance; then there will just be time to turn back.
因此，如此一致采用的沉默制度是唯一正确的制度，我只能建议他们坚持下去，只要它能回答就继续下去，也就是说，直到忽视被认为意味着无知为止；然后就有时间回头了。
Meanwhile it remains open to every one to pluck out a small feather here and there for his own use, for the superfluity of thoughts at home should not be very oppressive.
与此同时，每个人仍然可以随处拔出一根小羽毛供自己使用，因为家里多余的思想不应该让人感到非常压抑。
Thus the ignoring and silent system may hold out a good while, at least the span of time I may have yet to live, whereby much is already won.
因此，忽视和沉默的系统可能会持续一段很长的时间，至少是我可能还没有活过的时间，在这段时间里，我已经赢得了很多。
And if, in the meantime, here and there an indiscreet voice has let itself be heard, it is soon drowned by the loud talking of the professors, who, with important airs, know how to entertain the public with very different things.
与此同时，如果时不时地听到一些轻率的声音，它很快就会被教授们大声说话所淹没，而教授们则神情严肃，知道如何用截然不同的东西来娱乐公众。
I advise, however, that the unanimity of procedure should be somewhat more strictly observed, and especially that the young men should be looked after, for they are sometimes so fearfully indiscreet.
然而，我建议应该更严格地遵守程序的一致，特别是应该照顾年轻人，因为他们有时非常不谨慎。
For even so I cannot guarantee that the commended procedure will last for ever, and cannot answer for the final issue.
但即便如此，我也不能保证所推崇的程序会永远持续下去，也不能回答最终的问题。
It is a nice question as to the steering of the public, which, on the whole, is good and tractable.
关于公众的引导，这是一个很好的问题，总体而言，这是好的且易于处理的。
Although we nearly at all times see the Gorgiases and the Hippiases uppermost, although the absurd, as a rule, predominates, and it seems impossible that the voice of the individual can ever penetrate through the chorus of the befooling and the befooled, there yet remains to the genuine works of every age a quite peculiar, silent, slow, and powerful influence; and, as if by a miracle, we see them rise at last out of the turmoil like a balloon that floats up out of the thick atmosphere of this globe into purer regions, where, having once arrived, it remains at rest, and no one can draw it down again.
尽管我们几乎在任何时候都看到高尔吉亚斯和希皮亚斯占据主导地位，虽然荒谬通常占主导地位，而且个人的声音似乎不可能穿透愚弄者和被愚弄者的合唱，但仍然存在对每个时代的真正作品都产生着一种非常奇特的、无声的、缓慢的、强大的影响；奇迹般地，我们终于看到它们从混乱中升起，就像气球一样，从地球上厚厚的大气层中升起，进入更纯净的地区，到达那里后，它就保持静止，没有人可以再把它画下来。
 _Written at Frankfort-on-the-Maine in February 1844._      FIRST BOOK.
 _1844 年 2 月写于缅因州法兰克福。_ 第一本书。
THE WORLD AS IDEA.
世界即理念。
    First Aspect.
第一个方面。
The Idea Subordinated To The Principle Of Sufficient Reason: The Object Of Experience And Science.
服从充分理由原则的思想：经验和科学的对象。
      Sors de l’enfance, ami réveille toi!      —_Jean Jacques Rousseau._   § 1.
亲爱的，亲爱的！ —_让·雅克·卢梭._§1。
“The world is my idea:”—this is a truth which holds good for everything that lives and knows, though man alone can bring it into reflective and abstract consciousness.
“世界是我的想法”——这是一条真理，适用于一切活着和认识的事物，尽管只有人类才能将它带入反思和抽象的意识中。
If he really does this, he has attained to philosophical wisdom.
如果他真的这样做了，他就获得了哲学智慧。
It then becomes clear and certain to him that what he knows is not a sun and an earth, but only an eye that sees a sun, a hand that feels an earth; that the world which surrounds him is there only as idea, _i.e._, only in relation to something else, the consciousness, which is himself.
然后他就变得清楚而确定，他所知道的不是太阳和地球，而只是一只看到太阳的眼睛，一只感觉到地球的手；他周围的世界仅作为观念而存在，也就是说，仅与其他事物、意识（即他自己）相关。
If any truth can be asserted _a priori_, it is this: for it is the expression of the most general form of all possible and thinkable experience: a form which is more general than time, or space, or causality, for they all presuppose it; and each of these, which we have seen to be just so many modes of the principle of sufficient reason, is valid only for a particular class of ideas; whereas the antithesis of object and subject is the common form of all these classes, is that form under which alone any idea of whatever kind it may be, abstract or intuitive, pure or empirical, is possible and thinkable.
如果有任何真理可以被先验地断言，那就是：因为它是所有可能和可想象的经验的最普遍形式的表达：一种比时间、空间或因果关系更普遍的形式，因为它们都预设了它;我们已经将这些视为充分理由原则的多种模式，其中每一个仅对特定类别的思想有效。而客体和主体的对立是所有这些类别的共同形式，在这种形式下，任何观念，无论是抽象的还是直观的，纯粹的还是经验的，都是可能的和可思考的。
No truth therefore is more certain, more independent of all others, and less in need of proof than this, that all that exists for knowledge, and therefore this whole world, is only object in relation to subject, perception of a perceiver, in a word, idea.
因此，没有什么真理比这更确定、更独立于所有其他真理、更不需要证明了，即一切为知识而存在的东西，因此整个世界，都只是与主体、感知者的感知相关的客体，在词，想法。
This is obviously true of the past and the future, as well as of the present, of what is farthest off, as of what is near; for it is true of time and space themselves, in which alone these distinctions arise.
显然，无论是过去、未来、现在、最远的还是最近的，都是如此。因为时间和空间本身也是如此，只有时间和空间本身才会产生这些区别。
All that in any way belongs or can belong to the world is inevitably thus conditioned through the subject, and exists only for the subject.
因此，所有属于或能够属于世界的事物都不可避免地受到主体的制约，并且只为主体而存在。
The world is idea.
世界就是观念。
 This truth is by no means new.
这个事实绝不是新鲜事。
It was implicitly involved in the sceptical reflections from which Descartes started.
它隐含地参与了笛卡尔开始的怀疑性反思。
Berkeley, however, was the first who distinctly enunciated it, and by this he has rendered a permanent service to philosophy, even though the rest of his teaching should not endure.
然而，伯克利是第一个明确阐明这一点的人，由此他为哲学做出了永久的贡献，尽管他的其余教学不应持久。
Kant’s primary mistake was the neglect of this principle, as is shown in the appendix.
康德的主要错误是忽视了这一原则，如附录所示。
How early again this truth was recognised by the wise men of India, appearing indeed as the fundamental tenet of the Vedânta philosophy ascribed to Vyasa, is pointed out by Sir William Jones in the last of his essays: “On the philosophy of the Asiatics” (Asiatic Researches, vol.
威廉·琼斯爵士在他的最后一篇文章《论亚洲人的哲学》中指出，这一真理是多么早就被印度智者所认识，实际上表现为维亚萨的吠檀多哲学的基本原则。 （亚洲研究，卷。
iv.
四.
p.
p。
164), where he says, “The fundamental tenet of the Vedanta school consisted not in denying the existence of matter, that is, of solidity, impenetrability, and extended figure (to deny which would be lunacy), but in correcting the popular notion of it, and in contending that it has no essence independent of mental perception; that existence and perceptibility are convertible terms.” These words adequately express the compatibility of empirical reality and transcendental ideality.
164），他说：“吠檀多学派的基本原则不在于否认物质的存在，即实体、不可穿透性和扩展图形的存在（否认这将是疯狂的），而是纠正流行的观念并认为它不具有独立于心理知觉的本质；存在和可感知性是可转换的术语。”这句话充分表达了经验现实与先验理想的相容性。
 In this first book, then, we consider the world only from this side, only so far as it is idea.
那么，在第一本书中，我们仅从这一方面考虑世界，仅就其是想法而言。
The inward reluctance with which any one accepts the world as merely his idea, warns him that this view of it, however true it may be, is nevertheless one-sided, adopted in consequence of some arbitrary abstraction.
任何人都内心不愿意接受世界仅仅是他的想法，这警告他，这种关于世界的观点无论多么真实，仍然是片面的，是某种任意抽象的结果。
And yet it is a conception from which he can never free himself.
然而他却永远无法摆脱这个观念。
The defectiveness of this view will be corrected in the next book by means of a truth which is not so immediately certain as that from which we start here; a truth at which we can arrive only by deeper research and more severe abstraction, by the separation of what is different and the union of what is identical.
这种观点的缺陷将在下一本书中通过一个事实得到纠正，而这个事实并不像我们从这里开始的那样立即确定。只有通过更深入的研究和更严格的抽象，通过区分不同的东西和统一相同的东西，我们才能得出这个真理。
This truth, which must be very serious and impressive if not awful to every one, is that a man can also say and must say, “the world is my will.”  In this book, however, we must consider separately that aspect of the world from which we start, its aspect as knowable, and therefore, in the meantime, we must, without reserve, regard all presented objects, even our own bodies (as we shall presently show more fully), merely as ideas, and call them merely ideas.
这个真理对于每个人来说，即使不是可怕的，也一定是非常严肃和令人印象深刻的，那就是一个人也可以而且必须说：“世界是我的意志。”然而，在本书中，我们必须单独考虑我们所出发的世界的那个方面，它是可知的，因此，与此同时，我们必须毫无保留地考虑所有呈现的物体，甚至我们自己的身体（就像我们现在将更充分地展示），仅仅作为想法，并称它们为仅仅是想法。
By so doing we always abstract from will (as we hope to make clear to every one further on), which by itself constitutes the other aspect of the world.
通过这样做，我们总是从意志中抽象出来（正如我们希望进一步向每个人阐明的那样），意志本身构成了世界的另一面。
For as the world is in one aspect entirely _idea_, so in another it is entirely _will_.
因为世界在一方面完全是_想法_，所以在另一方面它完全是_意志_。
A reality which is neither of these two, but an object in itself (into which the thing in itself has unfortunately dwindled in the hands of Kant), is the phantom of a dream, and its acceptance is an _ignis fatuus_ in philosophy.
一个现实既不是这两者，而是一个自在的对象（不幸的是，在康德的手中，自在的事物已经缩小了），是梦的幻影，而它的接受是哲学中的“ignis fatuus”。
 § 2.
 §2.
That which knows all things and is known by none is the subject.
知道一切而无人知道的就是主体。
Thus it is the supporter of the world, that condition of all phenomena, of all objects which is always pre-supposed throughout experience; for all that exists, exists only for the subject.
因此，它是世界的支持者，是所有现象、所有对象的条件，在整个经验中总是预先假定的。一切存在的事物都只为主体而存在。
Every one finds himself to be subject, yet only in so far as he knows, not in so far as he is an object of knowledge.
每个人都发现自己是主体，但只是在他所知道的范围内，而不是在他是知识的对象时。
But his body is object, and therefore from this point of view we call it idea.
但他的身体是物体，因此从这个角度来看我们称之为观念。
For the body is an object among objects, and is conditioned by the laws of objects, although it is an immediate object.
因为身体是物体中的一个物体，虽然它是一个直接的物体，但它受到物体法则的制约。
Like all objects of perception, it lies within the universal forms of knowledge, time and space, which are the conditions of multiplicity.
与所有感知对象一样，它存在于知识、时间和空间的普遍形式中，而这些是多样性的条件。
The subject, on the contrary, which is always the knower, never the known, does not come under these forms, but is presupposed by them; it has therefore neither multiplicity nor its opposite unity.
相反，主体始终是认识者，而不是被认识者，它不属于这些形式，而是由它们预设的。因此，它既没有多重性，也没有相反的统一性。
We never know it, but it is always the knower wherever there is knowledge.
我们永远不知道它，但只要有知识，它总是认识者。
 So then the world as idea, the only aspect in which we consider it at present, has two fundamental, necessary, and inseparable halves.
因此，作为观念的世界，我们目前考虑它的唯一方面，有两个基本的、必要的和不可分割的两半。
The one half is the object, the forms of which are space and time, and through these multiplicity.
一半是物体，其形式是空间和时间，并通过这些多重性。
The other half is the subject, which is not in space and time, for it is present, entire and undivided, in every percipient being.
另一半是主体，它不存在于空间和时间中，因为它存在于每一个有感知的存在中，完整且不可分割。
So that any one percipient being, with the object, constitutes the whole world as idea just as fully as the existing millions could do; but if this one were to disappear, then the whole world as idea would cease to be.
因此，任何一个有感知力的存在，连同其对象，都可以像现有的数百万人一样完整地将整个世界构成为观念；但如果这个消失了，那么作为观念的整个世界将不复存在。
These halves are therefore inseparable even for thought, for each of the two has meaning and existence only through and for the other, each appears with the other and vanishes with it.
因此，即使对于思想来说，这两半也是不可分割的，因为两者中的每一个都只有通过另一方才具有意义和存在，每一个都与另一个一起出现并与另一个一起消失。
They limit each other immediately; where the object begins the subject ends.
他们立即互相限制；宾语从哪里开始，主语就结束。
The universality of this limitation is shown by the fact that the essential and hence universal forms of all objects, space, time, and causality, may, without knowledge of the object, be discovered and fully known from a consideration of the subject, _i.e._, in Kantian language, they lie _a priori_ in our consciousness.
这种限制的普遍性由以下事实表明：所有对象、空间、时间和因果关系的本质和普遍形式，可以在不了解对象的情况下，通过对主体_i的考虑来发现和充分了解。 e._，用康德的语言来说，它们先验地存在于我们的意识中。
That he discovered this is one of Kant’s principal merits, and it is a great one.
他发现了这一点，这是康德的主要优点之一，而且是一项伟大的优点。
I however go beyond this, and maintain that the principle of sufficient reason is the general expression for all these forms of the object of which we are _a priori_ conscious; and that therefore all that we know purely _a priori_, is merely the content of that principle and what follows from it; in it all our certain _a priori_ knowledge is expressed.
然而，我超越了这一点，并坚持认为充分理由原则是我们先验意识的对象的所有这些形式的一般表达；因此，我们纯粹先验地知道的一切，仅仅是该原则的内容以及由此得出的结论；我们所有的先验知识都在其中得到表达。
In my essay on the principle of sufficient reason I have shown in detail how every possible object comes under it; that is, stands in a necessary relation to other objects, on the one side as determined, on the other side as determining: this is of such wide application, that the whole existence of all objects, so far as they are objects, ideas and nothing more, may be entirely traced to this their necessary relation to each other, rests only in it, is in fact merely relative; but of this more presently.
在我关于充足理由原则的文章中，我详细地展示了每一个可能的对象是如何归入该原则的；也就是说，与其他对象存在必然的关系，一方面是确定的，另一方面是确定的：这一点的应用如此广泛，以至于所有对象的整体存在，只要它们是对象、思想和仅此而已，可以完全追溯到这一点，它们彼此之间的必然关系仅存在于其中，实际上只是相对的。但现在更要讨论这一点。
I have further shown, that the necessary relation which the principle of sufficient reason expresses generally, appears in other forms corresponding to the classes into which objects are divided, according to their possibility; and again that by these forms the proper division of the classes is tested.
我进一步表明，充分理由原则一般所表达的必然关系，以与对象根据其可能性被划分为的类别相对应的其他形式出现。并再次通过这些形式来检验类别的正确划分。
I take it for granted that what I said in this earlier essay is known and present to the reader, for if it had not been already said it would necessarily find its place here.
我理所当然地认为我在这篇早期文章中所说的内容是已知的并且呈现给读者，因为如果它还没有被说过，那么它必然会在这里找到它的位置。
 § 3.
 § 3.
The chief distinction among our ideas is that between ideas of perception and abstract ideas.
我们的观念之间的主要区别在于感知观念和抽象观念之间的区别。
The latter form just one class of ideas, namely concepts, and these are the possession of man alone of all creatures upon earth.
后者仅形成一类观念，即概念，而这些是地球上所有生物中人类独有的。
The capacity for these, which distinguishes him from all the lower animals, has always been called reason.(5) We shall consider these abstract ideas by themselves later, but, in the first place, we shall speak exclusively of the _ideas of perception_.
这些能力使人类区别于所有低等动物，一直被称为理性。(5)稍后我们将单独考虑这些抽象观念，但首先，我们将专门讨论“知觉观念”。
These comprehend the whole visible world, or the sum total of experience, with the conditions of its possibility.
它们包含了整个可见世界，或者说经验的总和，及其可能性的条件。
We have already observed that it is a highly important discovery of Kant’s, that these very conditions, these forms of the visible world, _i.e._, the absolutely universal element in its perception, the common property of all its phenomena, space and time, even when taken by themselves and apart from their content, can, not only be thought in the abstract, but also be directly perceived; and that this perception or intuition is not some kind of phantasm arising from constant recurrence in experience, but is so entirely independent of experience that we must rather regard the latter as dependent on it, inasmuch as the qualities of space and time, as they are known in _a priori_ perception or intuition, are valid for all possible experience, as rules to which it must invariably conform.
我们已经观察到，康德的一个非常重要的发现是，可见世界的这些条件、这些形式，即其感知中绝对普遍的元素，其所有现象、空间和事物的共同属性。时间，即使脱离其内容而单独存在，不仅可以被抽象地思考，而且可以被直接感知；这种知觉或直觉并不是经验中不断重复出现的某种幻象，而是完全独立于经验，以至于我们必须将经验视为依赖于经验，因为空间和时间的性质，因为它们是已知的先验知觉或直觉对于所有可能的经验都是有效的，作为它必须始终遵守的规则。
Accordingly, in my essay on the principle of sufficient reason, I have treated space and time, because they are perceived as pure and empty of content, as a special and independent class of ideas.
因此，在我关于充足理由原则的文章中，我将空间和时间视为一种特殊的、独立的观念，因为它们被认为是纯粹的、空洞的内容。
This quality of the universal forms of intuition, which was discovered by Kant, that they may be perceived in themselves and apart from experience, and that they may be known as exhibiting those laws on which is founded the infallible science of mathematics, is certainly very important.
康德发现，直觉的普遍形式的这种性质，即它们可以在自身中被感知，而无需经验，并且它们可以被认为展示了建立在数学上的无误科学之上的那些法则，这当然是非常重要的。重要的。
Not less worthy of remark, however, is this other quality of time and space, that the principle of sufficient reason, which conditions experience as the law of causation and of motive, and thought as the law of the basis of judgment, appears here in quite a special form, to which I have given the name of the ground of being.
然而，同样值得一提的是时间和空间的另一种性质，即充足理由原则，它将经验作为因果关系和动机的法则，将思想作为判断基础的法则，出现在此处。这是一种相当特殊的形式，我将其命名为存在基础。
In time, this is the succession of its moments, and in space the position of its parts, which reciprocally determine each other _ad infinitum_.
在时间上，这是其时刻的连续性，在空间上，这是其各部分的位置，它们相互决定彼此_无限_。
 Any one who has fully understood from the introductory essay the complete identity of the content of the principle of sufficient reason in all its different forms, must also be convinced of the importance of the knowledge of the simplest of these forms, as affording him insight into his own inmost nature.
任何人如果从介绍性文章中充分理解了充分理由原则的所有不同形式的内容的完整同一性，他也必须确信这些形式中最简单的知识的重要性，因为它使他能够洞察他自己内心深处的本性。
This simplest form of the principle we have found to be time.
我们发现的最简单形式的原则就是时间。
In it each instant is, only in so far as it has effaced the preceding one, its generator, to be itself in turn as quickly effaced.
在其中，每一个瞬间，只要它抹去了前一瞬间，即它的生成者，它本身就会同样迅速地被抹去。
The past and the future (considered apart from the consequences of their content) are empty as a dream, and the present is only the indivisible and unenduring boundary between them.
过去和未来（不考虑其内容的后果）如梦一般空虚，而现在只是它们之间不可分割的、不可持久的界限。
And in all the other forms of the principle of sufficient reason, we shall find the same emptiness, and shall see that not time only but also space, and the whole content of both of them, _i.e._, all that proceeds from causes and motives, has a merely relative existence, is only through and for another like to itself, _i.e._, not more enduring.
在充分理由原则的所有其他形式中，我们将发现同样的空虚，并且将看到不仅是时间，而且还有空间，以及两者的全部内容，即，所有来自于原因和动机，仅仅具有相对的存在，只是通过并为了另一个与自身相似的事物，即，并不更持久。
The substance of this doctrine is old: it appears in Heraclitus when he laments the eternal flux of things; in Plato when he degrades the object to that which is ever becoming, but never being; in Spinoza as the doctrine of the mere accidents of the one substance which is and endures.
这一学说的实质内容由来已久：赫拉克利特在哀叹事物的永恒变化时就出现了这一点。在柏拉图那里，他把对象降格为不断变化但从未存在的东西；斯宾诺莎的学说认为，存在并持续存在的单一实体的纯粹偶然性。
Kant opposes what is thus known as the mere phenomenon to the thing in itself.
康德将所谓的纯粹现象与事物本身对立起来。
Lastly, the ancient wisdom of the Indian philosophers declares, “It is Mâyâ, the veil of deception, which blinds the eyes of mortals, and makes them behold a world of which they cannot say either that it is or that it is not: for it is like a dream; it is like the sunshine on the sand which the traveller takes from afar for water, or the stray piece of rope he mistakes for a snake.” (These similes are repeated in innumerable passages of the Vedas and the Puranas.) But what all these mean, and that of which they all speak, is nothing more than what we have just considered—the world as idea subject to the principle of sufficient reason.
最后，印度哲学家的古老智慧宣称：“玛雅，欺骗的面纱，蒙蔽了凡人的眼睛，让他们看到一个他们无法说它是或不是的世界：因为这就像一场梦；就像阳光照在沙子上，旅行者从远处取来当作水，或者把一根散落的绳子误认为是一条蛇。” （这些比喻在《吠陀经》和《往世书》的无数段落中重复出现。）但是，所有这些以及它们所谈论的意思，无非就是我们刚才所考虑的——作为观念的世界服从于充分性原则。原因。
 § 4.
 § 4.
Whoever has recognised the form of the principle of sufficient reason, which appears in pure time as such, and on which all counting and arithmetical calculation rests, has completely mastered the nature of time.
谁认识到充足理由原则的形式，它本身就出现在纯粹时间中，并且所有计数和算术计算都依赖于它，谁就完全掌握了时间的本质。
Time is nothing more than that form of the principle of sufficient reason, and has no further significance.
时间只不过是充足理由原则的一种形式，并没有进一步的意义。
Succession is the form of the principle of sufficient reason in time, and succession is the whole nature of time.
继承是时间充足理由原理的表现形式，继承是时间的全部本质。
Further, whoever has recognised the principle of sufficient reason as it appears in the presentation of pure space, has exhausted the whole nature of space, which is absolutely nothing more than that possibility of the reciprocal determination of its parts by each other, which is called position.
此外，无论谁认识到纯粹空间表现中出现的充分理由原则，都已经穷尽了空间的全部本质，这绝对只不过是其各部分相互决定的可能性，这被称为位置。
The detailed treatment of this, and the formulation in abstract conceptions of the results which flow from it, so that they may be more conveniently used, is the subject of the science of geometry.
对这一点的详细处理，以及由此产生的结果的抽象概念的表述，以便它们可以更方便地使用，是几何科学的主题。
Thus also, whoever has recognised the law of causation, the aspect of the principle of sufficient reason which appears in what fills these forms (space and time) as objects of perception, that is to say matter, has completely mastered the nature of matter as such, for matter is nothing more than causation, as any one will see at once if he reflects.
因此，无论谁认识到因果律，即充足理由原则的一个方面，它出现在作为感知对象的这些形式（空间和时间）中，即物质中，他就已经完全掌握了物质的本质：如此，因为物质只不过是因果关系，任何人只要反思一下就会立刻明白这一点。
Its true being is its action, nor can we possibly conceive it as having any other meaning.
它的真实存在就是它的行动，我们也不可能认为它有任何其他意义。
Only as active does it fill space and time; its action upon the immediate object (which is itself matter) determines that perception in which alone it exists.
只有活跃起来，它才能充满空间和时间；它对直接对象（本身就是物质）的作用决定了它单独存在的感知。
The consequence of the action of any material object upon any other, is known only in so far as the latter acts upon the immediate object in a different way from that in which it acted before; it consists only of this.
任何物质物体对任何其他物体的作用的结果，只有当后者以不同于它之前作用的方式作用于直接物体时，我们才能知道；它仅由此组成。
Cause and effect thus constitute the whole nature of matter; its true being is its action.
因此，因果构成了物质的全部本质。它的真实存在就是它的行动。
(A fuller treatment of this will be found in the essay on the Principle of Sufficient Reason, § 21, p.
（关于这一点的更全面的处理可以在关于充分理由原则的文章中找到，第 21 段，第 17 页。
77.) The nature of all material things is therefore very appropriately called in German _Wirklichkeit_,(6) a word which is far more expressive than _Realität_.
77.) 因此，所有物质事物的本质在德语中被非常恰当地称为 _Wirklichkeit_，（6）这个词比 _Realität_ 更具表现力。
Again, that which is acted upon is always matter, and thus the whole being and essence of matter consists in the orderly change, which one part of it brings about in another part.
再说一遍，受到作用的总是物质，因此物质的整体存在和本质就在于有序的变化，它的一部分给另一部分带来了有序的变化。
The existence of matter is therefore entirely relative, according to a relation which is valid only within its limits, as in the case of time and space.
因此，物质的存在完全是相对的，根据一种仅在其限度内有效的关系，如时间和空间的情况。
 But time and space, each for itself, can be mentally presented apart from matter, whereas matter cannot be so presented apart from time and space.
但时间和空间各自可以在精神上独立于物质而呈现，而物质则不能独立于时间和空间而呈现。
The form which is inseparable from it presupposes space, and the action in which its very existence consists, always imports some change, in other words a determination in time.
与它密不可分的形式以空间为先决条件，而其存在的行动总是带来某种变化，换句话说，是时间的决定。
But space and time are not only, each for itself, presupposed by matter, but a union of the two constitutes its essence, for this, as we have seen, consists in action, _i.e._, in causation.
但空间和时间不仅各自以物质为前提，而且两者的结合构成了其本质，因为正如我们所见，这存在于行动中，即存在于因果关系中。
All the innumerable conceivable phenomena and conditions of things, might be coexistent in boundless space, without limiting each other, or might be successive in endless time without interfering with each other: thus a necessary relation of these phenomena to each other, and a law which should regulate them according to such a relation, is by no means needful, would not, indeed, be applicable: it therefore follows that in the case of all co-existence in space and change in time, so long as each of these forms preserves for itself its condition and its course without any connection with the other, there can be no causation, and since causation constitutes the essential nature of matter, there can be no matter.
所有无数可想象的现象和事物的条件，可能在无边无际的空间中共存，互不限制，或者可能在无穷无尽的时间中连续存在，互不干扰：因此，这些现象之间存在着必然的联系，并且存在着一种规律，应该根据这样的关系来调节它们，这是没有必要的，实际上也不适用：因此，在所有空间共存和时间变化的情况下，只要这些形式中的每一种都保留就其本身而言，它的条件和过程与其他事物没有任何联系，所以不可能有因果关系，并且由于因果关系构成了物质的本质，所以不可能有物质。
But the law of causation receives its meaning and necessity only from this, that the essence of change does not consist simply in the mere variation of things, but rather in the fact that at the _same part of space_ there is now _one thing_ and then _another_, and at _one_ and the same point of time there is _here_ one thing and there _another_: only this reciprocal limitation of space and time by each other gives meaning, and at the same time necessity, to a law, according to which change must take place.
但因果律的意义和必然性仅在于，变化的本质不仅仅在于事物的变化，而在于这样一个事实：在“空间的同一部分”，现在有“一个事物”，然后有“另一个事物” ，并且在_一个_和同一时间点_这里_有一件事，那里_另一件事_：只有这种空间和时间相互限制才赋予法律意义，同时也赋予法律必要性，根据该法律，改变必须采取地方。
What is determined by the law of causality is therefore not merely a succession of things in time, but this succession with reference to a definite space, and not merely existence of things in a particular place, but in this place at a different point of time.
因此，因果律所决定的不仅仅是事物在时间上的连续性，而且是相对于一定空间的连续性，并且不仅仅是事物在特定地点的存在，而是在该地点在不同时间点的存在。 。
Change, _i.e._, variation which takes place according to the law of causality, implies always a determined part of space and a determined part of time together and in union.
变化，即根据因果律发生的变化，总是意味着空间的确定部分和时间的确定部分一起并结合在一起。
Thus causality unites space with time.
因此，因果关系将空间与时间结合起来。
But we found that the whole essence of matter consisted in action, _i.e._, in causation, consequently space and time must also be united in matter, that is to say, matter must take to itself at once the distinguishing qualities both of space and time, however much these may be opposed to each other, and must unite in itself what is impossible for each of these independently, that is, the fleeting course of time, with the rigid unchangeable perduration of space: infinite divisibility it receives from both.
但我们发现，物质的全部本质在于行动，即因果关系，因此空间和时间也必须统一在物质中，也就是说，物质必须同时具有两者的区别性质。空间和时间，无论它们多么相互对立，并且必须将它们各自不可能独立地结合在一起，即时间的转瞬即逝的过程，与空间的刚性不可改变的持久性：它从空间中获得无限的可分性。两个都。
It is for this reason that we find that co-existence, which could neither be in time alone, for time has no contiguity, nor in space alone, for space has no before, after, or now, is first established through matter.
正是由于这个原因，我们发现，共存既不能单独存在于时间中，因为时间没有连续性，也不能单独存在于空间中，因为空间没有之前、之后或现在，它首先是通过物质建立起来的。
But the co-existence of many things constitutes, in fact, the essence of reality, for through it permanence first becomes possible; for permanence is only knowable in the change of something which is present along with what is permanent, while on the other hand it is only because something permanent is present along with what changes, that the latter gains the special character of change, _i.e._, the mutation of quality and form in the permanence of substance, that is to say, in matter.(7) If the world were in space alone, it would be rigid and immovable, without succession, without change, without action; but we know that with action, the idea of matter first appears.
但实际上，许多事物的共存构成了现实的本质，因为只有通过它，持久性才成为可能。因为，只有在与永久事物一起存在的事物的变化中，永恒性才是可知的，而另一方面，只有因为永久事物与变化事物同时存在，后者才获得变化的特殊特征，即._，在物质的永久性中，也就是说，在物质中，质量和形式的突变。(7) 如果世界单独存在于空间中，它将是僵化的、不可移动的，没有连续性，没有变化，没有行动；但我们知道，通过行动，物质的概念首先出现。
Again, if the world were in time alone, all would be fleeting, without persistence, without contiguity, hence without co-existence, and consequently without permanence; so that in this case also there would be no matter.
再者，如果世界在时间上是孤立的，那么一切都将是转瞬即逝的，没有持久性，没有连续性，因此没有共存，因此没有永恒；所以在这种情况下也没有问题。
Only through the union of space and time do we reach matter, and matter is the possibility of co-existence, and, through that, of permanence; through permanence again matter is the possibility of the persistence of substance in the change of its states.(8) As matter consists in the union of space and time, it bears throughout the stamp of both.
只有通过空间和时间的结合，我们才能到达物质，而物质是共存的可能性，并且通过共存，物质是永恒的；通过持久性，物质再次成为物质在其状态变化中持续存在的可能性。(8) 由于物质存在于空间和时间的结合中，它自始至终都带有两者的印记。
It manifests its origin in space, partly through the form which is inseparable from it, but especially through its persistence (substance), the _a priori_ certainty of which is therefore wholly deducible from that of space(9) (for variation belongs to time alone, but in it alone and for itself nothing is persistent).
它在空间中体现了它的起源，部分是通过与它密不可分的形式，但尤其是通过它的持久性（物质），因此，其先验的确定性完全可以从空间的确定性中推论出来（9）（因为变化只属于时间） ，但仅就其本身而言，没有什么是持久的）。
Matter shows that it springs from time by quality (accidents), without which it never exists, and which is plainly always causality, action upon other matter, and therefore change (a time concept).
物质表明，它是从时间的质量（偶然）中产生的，没有它，它就永远不存在，而且显然总是因果关系，对其他物质的作用，因此发生变化（时间概念）。
The law of this action, however, always depends upon space and time together, and only thus obtains meaning.
然而，这种作用的规律总是取决于空间和时间，只有这样才有意义。
The regulative function of causality is confined entirely to the determination of what must occupy _this time and this space_.
因果关系的调节功能完全局限于确定什么必须占据“这个时间和这个空间”。
The fact that we know _a priori_ the unalterable characteristics of matter, depends upon this derivation of its essential nature from the forms of our knowledge of which we are conscious _a priori_.
我们先验地知道物质的不可改变的特征，这一事实取决于我们先验地意识到的知识形式的本质本质。
These unalterable characteristics are space-occupation, _i.e._, impenetrability, _i.e._, causal action, consequently, extension, infinite divisibility, persistence, _i.e._, indestructibility, and lastly mobility: weight, on the other hand, notwithstanding its universality, must be attributed to _a posteriori_ knowledge, although Kant, in his “Metaphysical Introduction to Natural Philosophy,” p.
这些不可改变的特征是空间占据，即，不可穿透性，即因果作用，因此，延伸，无限可分性，持久性，即不可破坏性，最后是移动性：重量，在另一方面，尽管它具有普遍性，但必须归因于后验知识，尽管康德在他的“自然哲学的形而上学导论”中，第 14 页。
71 (p.
71（第 71 页）
372 of Rosenkranz’s edition), treats it as knowable _a priori_.
Rosenkranz 版本的 372），将其视为“先验”可知的。
 But as the object in general is only for the subject, as its idea, so every special class of ideas is only for an equally special quality in the subject, which is called a faculty of perception.
但是，正如客体一般只针对主体及其观念一样，每一种特殊的观念也只针对主体中同样特殊的品质，这种品质被称为感知能力。
This subjective correlative of time and space in themselves as empty forms, has been named by Kant pure sensibility; and we may retain this expression, as Kant was the first to treat of the subject, though it is not exact, for sensibility presupposes matter.
这种时间和空间本身作为空形式的主观关联，被康德命名为纯粹感性。我们可以保留这个表达，因为康德是第一个讨论这个主题的人，尽管它并不准确，因为感性以物质为前提。
The subjective correlative of matter or of causation, for these two are the same, is understanding, which is nothing more than this.
物质或因果关系的主观关联，因为两者是相同的，就是理解，仅此而已。
To know causality is its one function, its only power; and it is a great one, embracing much, of manifold application, yet of unmistakable identity in all its manifestations.
了解因果关系是它的唯一功能、唯一力量；它是一部伟大的著作，涵盖面广，应用广泛，但在其所有表现形式中都具有明确无误的同一性。
Conversely all causation, that is to say, all matter, or the whole of reality, is only for the understanding, through the understanding, and in the understanding.
相反，所有的因果关系，也就是说，所有的物质，或者整个现实，都只是为了理解，通过理解，并在理解中。
The first, simplest, and ever-present example of understanding is the perception of the actual world.
第一个、最简单且始终存在的理解的例子是对现实世界的感知。
This is throughout knowledge of the cause from the effect, and therefore all perception is intellectual.
这是从结果中了解原因的全部知识，因此所有感知都是理智的。
The understanding could never arrive at this perception, however, if some effect did not become known immediately, and thus serve as a starting-point.
然而，如果某种效果没有立即被知晓并以此作为起点，那么理解就永远无法达到这种感知。
But this is the affection of the animal body.
但这是动物身体的感情。
So far, then, the animal body is the _immediate object_ of the subject; the perception of all other objects becomes possible through it.
那么到目前为止，动物的身体是主体的_直接客体_。通过它，对所有其他物体的感知成为可能。
The changes which every animal body experiences, are immediately known, that is, felt; and as these effects are at once referred to their causes, the perception of the latter as _objects_ arises.
每个动物身体所经历的变化是可以立即知道的，也就是说，可以感觉到的；当这些结果立即被提及到它们的原因时，就产生了将后者视为“对象”的看法。
This relation is no conclusion in abstract conceptions; it does not arise from reflection, nor is it arbitrary, but immediate, necessary, and certain.
这种关系并不是抽象概念中的结论；它不是从反思中产生的，也不是任意的，而是直接的、必然的和确定的。
It is the method of knowing of the pure understanding, without which there could be no perception; there would only remain a dull plant-like consciousness of the changes of the immediate object, which would succeed each other in an utterly unmeaning way, except in so far as they might have a meaning for the will either as pain or pleasure.
它是纯粹知性的认知方法，没有它就不可能有知觉。对于直接客体的变化，只会留下一种迟钝的植物般的意识，这些意识将以一种完全没有意义的方式相互接替，除非它们对于意志来说可能具有痛苦或快乐的意义。
But as with the rising of the sun the visible world appears, so at one stroke, the understanding, by means of its one simple function, changes the dull, meaningless sensation into perception.
但正如太阳升起，可见的世界就出现了一样，理解力凭借其一种简单的功能，一下子就将沉闷、无意义的感觉转变为知觉。
What the eye, the ear, or the hand feels, is not perception; it is merely its data.
眼睛、耳朵或手所感受到的，不是感知；而是感知。它只是它的数据。
By the understanding passing from the effect to the cause, the world first appears as perception extended in space, varying in respect of form, persistent through all time in respect of matter; for the understanding unites space and time in the idea of matter, that is, causal action.
通过从结果到原因的理解，世界首先表现为在空间上延伸的知觉，在形式上有所变化，在物质上一直持续存在；因为理解将空间和时间统一在物质的观念中，即因果行为。
As the world as idea exists only through the understanding, so also it exists only for the understanding.
正如作为观念的世界只能通过理解而存在一样，它也只是为了理解而存在。
In the first chapter of my essay on “Light and Colour,” I have already explained how the understanding constructs perceptions out of the data supplied by the senses; how by comparison of the impressions which the various senses receive from the object, a child arrives at perceptions; how this alone affords the solution of so many phenomena of the senses; the single vision of two eyes, the double vision in the case of a squint, or when we try to look at once at objects which lie at unequal distances behind each other; and all illusion which is produced by a sudden alteration in the organs of sense.
在我关于“光与色彩”的文章的第一章中，我已经解释了理解如何根据感官提供的数据构建感知；孩子如何通过比较各种感官从物体获得的印象来获得知觉？仅凭这一点如何就能解决如此多的感官现象？两只眼睛的单视，斜视时的复视，或者当我们试图同时观察彼此之间距离不等的物体时；以及由于感觉器官突然改变而产生的所有幻觉。
But I have treated this important subject much more fully and thoroughly in the second edition of the essay on “The Principle of Sufficient Reason,” § 21.
但我在《充足理由原则》第 21 篇文章的第二版中更全面、更彻底地讨论了这个重要主题。
All that is said there would find its proper place here, and would therefore have to be said again; but as I have almost as much disinclination to quote myself as to quote others, and as I am unable to explain the subject better than it is explained there, I refer the reader to it, instead of quoting it, and take for granted that it is known.
那里所说的一切在这里都会找到合适的位置，因此必须再说一遍；但由于我几乎不愿意引用自己的内容和引用别人的内容，而且我无法比那里解释的更好地解释这个主题，所以我建议读者参考它，而不是引用它，并理所当然地认为它是已知的。
 The process by which children, and persons born blind who have been operated upon, learn to see, the single vision of the double sensation of two eyes, the double vision and double touch which occur when the organs of sense have been displaced from their usual position, the upright appearance of objects while the picture on the retina is upside down, the attributing of colour to the outward objects, whereas it is merely an inner function, a division through polarisation, of the activity of the eye, and lastly the stereoscope,—all these are sure and incontrovertible evidence that perception is not merely of the senses, but intellectual—that is, _pure knowledge through the understanding of the cause from the effect_, and that, consequently, it presupposes the law of causality, in a knowledge of which all perception—that is to say all experience, by virtue of its primary and only possibility, depends.
儿童和经过手术的先天失明的人学习看东西的过程，两只眼睛的双重感觉的单一视觉，当感觉器官偏离正常位置时发生的双重视觉和双重触觉位置，物体的直立外观，而视网膜上的图像是颠倒的，颜色归因于外部物体，而它仅仅是内部功能，通过偏振的划分，眼睛的活动，最后是立体镜，——所有这些都是确凿无疑的证据，表明知觉不仅仅是感官的，而且是智力的——也就是说，“通过从结果中了解原因而获得的纯粹知识”，因此，它以因果律为前提。所有知觉（即所有经验，由于其主要且唯一的可能性）都依赖于这种知识。
The contrary doctrine that the law of causality results from experience, which was the scepticism of Hume, is first refuted by this.
休谟的怀疑论，即因果律源于经验的相反学说首先被驳斥。
For the independence of the knowledge of causality of all experience,—that is, its _a priori_ character—can only be deduced from the dependence of all experience upon it; and this deduction can only be accomplished by proving, in the manner here indicated, and explained in the passages referred to above, that the knowledge of causality is included in perception in general, to which all experience belongs, and therefore in respect of experience is completely _a priori_, does not presuppose it, but is presupposed by it as a condition.
因为所有经验的因果关系知识的独立性，即它的先验特征，只能从所有经验对其的依赖中推导出来。这种推论只能通过证明，以这里指出的方式并在上面提到的段落中解释，证明因果关系的知识包含在一般的知觉中，所有的经验都属于知觉，因此就经验而言完全_先验_，不预设它，而是以它作为条件预设。
This, however, cannot be deduced in the manner attempted by Kant, which I have criticised in the essay on “The Principle of Sufficient Reason,” § 23.
然而，这不能用康德尝试的方式来推论，我在《充足理由原理》第 23 篇文章中批评了康德。
 § 5.
 § 5.
It is needful to guard against the grave error of supposing that because perception arises through the knowledge of causality, the relation of subject and object is that of cause and effect.
需要警惕这样一种严重错误：因为知觉是通过因果关系知识而产生的，所以主体与客体的关系就是因果关系。
For this relation subsists only between the immediate object and objects known indirectly, thus always between objects alone.
因为这种关系仅存在于直接对象和间接已知的对象之间，因此总是仅存在于对象之间。
It is this false supposition that has given rise to the foolish controversy about the reality of the outer world; a controversy in which dogmatism and scepticism oppose each other, and the former appears, now as realism, now as idealism.
正是这种错误的假设引发了关于外部世界真实性的愚蠢争论。这是一场教条主义和怀疑主义相互对立的争论，前者时而表现为现实主义，时而表现为唯心主义。
Realism treats the object as cause, and the subject as its effect.
现实主义将客体视为原因，将主体视为结果。
The idealism of Fichte reduces the object to the effect of the subject.
费希特的唯心主义将客体还原为主体的效果。
Since however, and this cannot be too much emphasised, there is absolutely no relation according to the principle of sufficient reason between subject and object, neither of these views could be proved, and therefore scepticism attacked them both with success.
然而，这一点怎么强调也不过分，根据充足理由原则，主体与客体之间绝对不存在任何关系，因此这两种观点都无法得到证明，因此怀疑论成功地攻击了它们。
Now, just as the law of causality precedes perception and experience as their condition, and therefore cannot (as Hume thought) be derived from them, so object and subject precede all knowledge, and hence the principle of sufficient reason in general, as its first condition; for this principle is merely the form of all objects, the whole nature and possibility of their existence as phenomena: but the object always presupposes the subject; and therefore between these two there can be no relation of reason and consequent.
现在，正如因果律先于知觉和经验作为它们的条件，因此不能（如休谟思想）从它们推导出来一样，客体和主体先于所有知识，因此一般充分理由原则作为其首要条件。健康）状况;因为这个原则仅仅是所有对象的形式，它们作为现象存在的全部本质和可能性：但对象总是以主体为前提；因此，这两者之间不可能有原因和后果的关系。
My essay on the principle of sufficient reason accomplishes just this: it explains the content of that principle as the essential form of every object—that is to say, as the universal nature of all objective existence, as something which pertains to the object as such; but the object as such always presupposes the subject as its necessary correlative; and therefore the subject remains always outside the province in which the principle of sufficient reason is valid.
我关于充分理由原则的文章正是做到了这一点：它将该原则的内容解释为每个对象的本质形式——也就是说，解释为所有客观存在的普遍本质，解释为属于对象本身的东西。 ;但客体本身总是预先假定主体是其必然的对应物。因此，这个主题始终处于充分理由原则有效的范围之外。
The controversy as to the reality of the outer world rests upon this false extension of the validity of the principle of sufficient reason to the subject also, and starting with this mistake it can never understand itself.
关于外部世界现实性的争论正是基于这种将充分理由原则的有效性错误地延伸到主体的基础上，从这个错误开始，主体就永远无法理解自己。
On the one side realistic dogmatism, looking upon the idea as the effect of the object, desires to separate these two, idea and object, which are really one, and to assume a cause quite different from the idea, an object in itself, independent of the subject, a thing which is quite inconceivable; for even as object it presupposes subject, and so remains its idea.
一方面，现实主义教条主义将观念视为对象的结果，渴望将观念和对象这两者分开，这两者实际上是一体的，并假定一个与观念完全不同的原因，即对象本身是独立的。对于这个主题来说，这是一件非常不可思议的事情；因为即使作为客体，它也以主体为前提，因此它的观念仍然存在。
Opposed to this doctrine is scepticism, which makes the same false presupposition that in the idea we have only the effect, never the cause, therefore never real being; that we always know merely the action of the object.
反对这一学说的是怀疑论，它做出了同样错误的预设，即在观念中我们只有结果，没有原因，因此永远没有真实的存在。我们总是只知道物体的动作。
But this object, it supposes, may perhaps have no resemblance whatever to its effect, may indeed have been quite erroneously received as the cause, for the law of causality is first to be gathered from experience, and the reality of experience is then made to rest upon it.
但是，它假定，这个对象可能与其效果没有任何相似之处，可能确实被错误地视为原因，因为因果律首先是从经验中收集的，然后经验的现实才被用来解释。依靠它。
Thus both of these views are open to the correction, firstly, that object and idea are the same; secondly, that the true being of the object of perception is its action, that the reality of the thing consists in this, and the demand for an existence of the object outside the idea of the subject, and also for an essence of the actual thing different from its action, has absolutely no meaning, and is a contradiction: and that the knowledge of the nature of the effect of any perceived object, exhausts such an object itself, so far as it is object, _i.e._, idea, for beyond this there is nothing more to be known.
因此，这两种观点都有待修正：首先，对象和观念是相同的；其次，感知对象的真实存在是其行为，事物的实在性就在于此，以及对对象在主体观念之外的存在的要求，以及对实际事物的本质的要求。与其行为不同，绝对没有意义，并且是矛盾的：并且对任何感知对象的效果的本质的知识，耗尽了这样的对象本身，只要它是对象，即观念，因为除此之外就没有什么可知道的了。
So far then, the perceived world in space and time, which makes itself known as causation alone, is entirely real, and is throughout simply what it appears to be, and it appears wholly and without reserve as idea, bound together according to the law of causality.
到目前为止，空间和时间中的感知世界，仅以因果关系而闻名，是完全真实的，并且自始至终都只是它看起来的样子，并且它完全毫无保留地表现为观念，根据法则结合在一起的因果关系。
This is its empirical reality.
这就是它的经验现实。
On the other hand, all causality is in the understanding alone, and for the understanding.
另一方面，所有的因果关系都只存在于理解之中，并且是为了理解。
The whole actual, that is, active world is determined as such through the understanding, and apart from it is nothing.
整个实际的、即活动的世界是通过理解而确定的，离开它就什么都不是。
This, however, is not the only reason for altogether denying such a reality of the outer world as is taught by the dogmatist, who explains its reality as its independence of the subject.
然而，这并不是完全否认教条主义者所教导的外部世界现实的唯一原因，教条主义者将其现实解释为主体的独立性。
We also deny it, because no object apart from a subject can be conceived without contradiction.
我们也否认这一点，因为除了主体之外，任何客体都不能不矛盾地被构想。
The whole world of objects is and remains idea, and therefore wholly and for ever determined by the subject; that is to say, it has transcendental ideality.
整个客体世界始终是观念，因此完全且永远由主体决定。也就是说，它具有先验的理想性。
But it is not therefore illusion or mere appearance; it presents itself as that which it is, idea, and indeed as a series of ideas of which the common bond is the principle of sufficient reason.
但它并不是幻觉或仅仅是表象；它是真实的。它把自己呈现为它本来的样子，观念，而且实际上是一系列观念，其共同的纽带是充足理由的原则。
It is according to its inmost meaning quite comprehensible to the healthy understanding, and speaks a language quite intelligible to it.
它的内在含义对于健康的理解来说是完全可以理解的，并且说着一种对于健康理解来说是非常容易理解的语言。
To dispute about its reality can only occur to a mind perverted by over-subtilty, and such discussion always arises from a false application of the principle of sufficient reason, which binds all ideas together of whatever kind they may be, but by no means connects them with the subject, nor yet with a something which is neither subject nor object, but only the ground of the object; an absurdity, for only objects can be and always are the ground of objects.
对其现实性的争论只能出现在被过度微妙所扭曲的头脑中，而这种讨论总是源于对充分理由原则的错误应用，该原则将所有想法捆绑在一起，无论它们是什么类型，但绝不将它们联系在一起它们与主体相关，但也与某种既非主体又非客体而只是客体基础的东西相关；这是荒谬的，因为只有物体才能并且永远是物体的基础。
If we examine more closely the source of this question as to the reality of the outer world, we find that besides the false application of the principle of sufficient reason generally to what lies beyond its province, a special confusion of its forms is also involved; for that form which it has only in reference to concepts or abstract ideas, is applied to perceived ideas, real objects; and a ground of knowing is demanded of objects, whereas they can have nothing but a ground of being.
如果我们更仔细地审视这个关于外部世界现实的问题的根源，我们就会发现，除了充分理由原则普遍错误地应用于其范围之外的事物之外，还涉及其形式的特殊混乱。因为它仅在涉及概念或抽象思想时才具有的形式适用于感知的思想、真实的物体；物体需要有一个认识的基础，而它们除了存在的基础之外什么也没有。
Among the abstract ideas, the concepts united in the judgment, the principle of sufficient reason appears in such a way that each of these has its worth, its validity, and its whole existence, here called _truth_, simply and solely through the relation of the judgment to something outside of it, its ground of knowledge, to which there must consequently always be a return.
在抽象观念中，在判断中统一的概念中，充足理由原则以这样的方式出现，即每一个概念都有其价值、有效性和整体存在，这里称为“真理”，简单地、仅通过以下关系：对它之外的事物、它的知识基础的判断，因此总是必须返回到它。
Among real objects, ideas of perception, on the other hand, the principle of sufficient reason appears not as the principle of the ground of _knowing_, but of _being_, as the law of causality: every real object has paid its debt to it, inasmuch as it has come to be, _i.e._, has appeared as the effect of a cause.
另一方面，在真实对象和知觉观念中，充足理由原则并不是作为“认识”基础的原则，而是作为“存在”基础的原则，作为因果律：每个真实对象都已偿还了它的债务，因为正如它已经成为的那样，_即_，已经表现为原因的结果。
The demand for a ground of knowing has therefore here no application and no meaning, but belongs to quite another class of things.
因此，对认识基础的要求在这里没有任何应用，也没有任何意义，而是完全属于另一类事物。
Thus the world of perception raises in the observer no question or doubt so long as he remains in contact with it: there is here neither error nor truth, for these are confined to the province of the abstract—the province of reflection.
因此，只要观察者保持与感知世界的接触，感知世界就不会向他提出任何问题或怀疑：这里既没有错误，也没有真理，因为它们都局限于抽象的领域——反思的领域。
But here the world lies open for sense and understanding; presents itself with naive truth as that which it really is—ideas of perception which develop themselves according to the law of causality.
但这里的世界对感知和理解是开放的；以朴素真理的本来面目呈现自己——根据因果律发展起来的知觉观念。
 So far as we have considered the question of the reality of the outer world, it arises from a confusion which amounts even to a misunderstanding of reason itself, and therefore thus far, the question could be answered only by explaining its meaning.
就我们所考虑的外部世界的真实性问题而言，它源于一种甚至相当于对理性本身的误解的混乱，因此到目前为止，这个问题只能通过解释其含义来回答。
After examination of the whole nature of the principle of sufficient reason, of the relation of subject and object, and the special conditions of sense perception, the question itself disappeared because it had no longer any meaning.
在考察了充足理由原则的全部性质、主体与客体的关系以及感觉知觉的特殊条件之后，这个问题本身就消失了，因为它不再具有任何意义。
There is, however, one other possible origin of this question, quite different from the purely speculative one which we have considered, a specially empirical origin, though the question is always raised from a speculative point of view, and in this form it has a much more comprehensible meaning than it had in the first.
然而，这个问题还有另一个可能的根源，与我们所考虑的纯粹思辨的根源完全不同，即一种特殊的经验根源，尽管这个问题总是从思辨的角度提出的，并且以这种形式它具有一种特殊的经验根源。比第一个更容易理解的含义。
We have dreams; may not our whole life be a dream? or more exactly: is there a sure criterion of the distinction between dreams and reality? between phantasms and real objects? The assertion that what is dreamt is less vivid and distinct than what we actually perceive is not to the point, because no one has ever been able to make a fair comparison of the two; for we can only compare the recollection of a dream with the present reality.
我们有梦想；难道我们的一生不就是一场梦吗？或者更准确地说：区分梦境和现实是否有明确的标准？幻象与真实物体之间？认为梦境不如我们实际感知的生动和清晰的说法并不恰当，因为没有人能够对两者进行公平的比较；因为我们只能将梦的回忆与现在的现实进行比较。
Kant answers the question thus: “The connection of ideas among themselves, according to the law of causality, constitutes the difference between real life and dreams.” But in dreams, as well as in real life, everything is connected individually at any rate, in accordance with the principle of sufficient reason in all its forms, and this connection is broken only between life and dreams, or between one dream and another.
康德这样回答这个问题：“根据因果律，观念之间的联系构成了现实生活与梦境之间的区别。”但在梦中，就像在现实生活中一样，无论如何，一切事物都是根据各种形式的充分理性原则而单独联系起来的，而这种联系只有在生活和梦之间，或者在一个梦和另一个梦之间才会被打破。
Kant’s answer therefore could only run thus:—the _long_ dream (life) has throughout complete connection according to the principle of sufficient reason; it has not this connection, however, with _short_ dreams, although each of these has in itself the same connection: the bridge is therefore broken between the former and the latter, and on this account we distinguish them.
因此，康德的回答只能是这样：——根据充分理由的原则，漫长的梦（生命）始终具有完全的联系；然而，它与短梦没有这种联系，尽管每一个梦本身都有相同的联系：因此，前者和后者之间的桥梁被打破了，因此我们将它们区分开来。
 But to institute an inquiry according to this criterion, as to whether something was dreamt or seen, would always be difficult and often impossible.
但要根据这个标准来调查某件事是否是梦到的或看到的，总是很困难，而且往往是不可能的。
For we are by no means in a position to trace link by link the causal connection between any experienced event and the present moment, but we do not on that account explain it as dreamt.
因为我们根本无法追踪任何经历过的事件与当下时刻之间的因果关系，但我们也不会因此将其解释为梦。
Therefore in real life we do not commonly employ that method of distinguishing between dreams and reality.
因此，在现实生活中，我们通常不采用这种区分梦境和现实的方法。
The only sure criterion by which to distinguish them is in fact the entirely empirical one of awaking, through which at any rate the causal connection between dreamed events and those of waking life, is distinctly and sensibly broken off.
区分它们的唯一确定的标准实际上是完全经验性的清醒标准，无论如何，通过这个标准，梦中事件与清醒生活之间的因果关系被明显而明智地打破。
This is strongly supported by the remark of Hobbes in the second chapter of Leviathan, that we easily mistake dreams for reality if we have unintentionally fallen asleep without taking off our clothes, and much more so when it also happens that some undertaking or design fills all our thoughts, and occupies our dreams as well as our waking moments.
霍布斯在《利维坦》第二章中的言论有力地支持了这一点，如果我们在没有脱掉衣服的情况下无意中睡着了，我们很容易将梦想误认为是现实，更何况当某些事业或设计恰好充满了一切时，我们就很容易将梦想误认为是现实。我们的思想，占据我们的梦境和醒着的时刻。
We then observe the awaking just as little as the falling asleep, dream and reality run together and become confounded.
然后，我们对醒来的观察与对入睡的观察一样少，梦境和现实交织在一起，变得混乱。
In such a case there is nothing for it but the application of Kant’s criterion; but if, as often happens, we fail to establish by means of this criterion, either the existence of causal connection with the present, or the absence of such connection, then it must for ever remain uncertain whether an event was dreamt or really happened.
在这种情况下，除了应用康德的标准之外别无他法。但是，如果像经常发生的那样，我们无法通过这个标准来确定与现在是否存在因果联系，或者不存在这种联系，那么就必须永远不确定某个事件是在梦中还是真的发生了。
Here, in fact, the intimate relationship between life and dreams is brought out very clearly, and we need not be ashamed to confess it, as it has been recognised and spoken of by many great men.
事实上，在这里，生命与梦想之间的密切关系被非常清楚地展现出来，我们不必羞于承认这一点，因为它已被许多伟人所认识和谈论。
The Vedas and Puranas have no better simile than a dream for the whole knowledge of the actual world, which they call the web of Mâyâ, and they use none more frequently.
吠陀经和往世书没有比梦更好的比喻来描述现实世界的全部知识，他们称之为玛雅之网，而且他们使用得最多。
Plato often says that men live only in a dream; the philosopher alone strives to awake himself.
柏拉图常说，人只活在梦中。哲学家独自努力唤醒自己。
Pindar says (ii.
品达说（二。
η.
η。
135): σκιας οναρ ανθρωπος (umbræ somnium homo), and Sophocles:—       Ὀνω γυν ἡμας ουδεν οντας αλλο, πλην     Σιδωλ᾽ ὁσοιπερ ζωμεν, ὴ κουφην σκιαν.—Ajax, 125.
135): σκιας οναρ ανθρωπος (umbræ somniumhomo), 和索福克勒斯:— Ὀνω γυν ἡμας ουδεν οντας αλλο, πλην Σιδωλ᾽ ὁσοιπερ ζωμεν, ὴ κουφην σκιαν。——阿贾克斯，125。
  (Nos enim, quicunque vivimus, nihil aliud esse comperio quam simulacra et levem umbram.) Beside which most worthily stands Shakespeare:—             “We are such stuff     As dreams are made on, and our little life     Is rounded with a sleep.”—_Tempest_, Act iv.
 （Nos enim, quicunque vivimus, nihil aliud esse comperio quam simulacra et levem umbram。） 莎士比亚的诗句最值得一提：“我们就是这样的东西，梦想是在上面做的，我们的小生命是在睡眠中圆满的。”——_暴风雨_ ，第四幕。
Sc.
科学。
1
1
  Lastly, Calderon was so deeply impressed with this view of life that he sought to embody it in a kind of metaphysical drama—“Life a Dream.”  After these numerous quotations from the poets, perhaps I also may be allowed to express myself by a metaphor.
最后，卡尔德隆对这种人生观印象深刻，以至于他试图将其体现在一种形而上的戏剧中——《人生如梦》。引用了这么多诗人的话，也许我也可以用一个比喻来表达自己。
Life and dreams are leaves of the same book.
生活和梦想是同一本书的叶子。
The systematic reading of this book is real life, but when the reading hours (that is, the day) are over, we often continue idly to turn over the leaves, and read a page here and there without method or connection: often one we have read before, sometimes one that is new to us, but always in the same book.
系统地阅读这本书是现实生活，但当阅读时间（即一天）结束后，我们常常继续无所事事地翻书，一页一页地读，没有任何方法或联系：常常是我们以前读过，有时对我们来说是新的，但总是在同一本书中。
Such an isolated page is indeed out of connection with the systematic study of the book, but it does not seem so very different when we remember that the whole continuous perusal begins and ends just as abruptly, and may therefore be regarded as merely a larger single page.
这样一个孤立的页面确实与本书的系统研究脱节，但当我们记住整个连续的细读同样突然开始和结束时，它似乎并没有太大不同，因此可以被视为仅仅是一个更大的单一内容。页。
 Thus although individual dreams are distinguished from real life by the fact that they do not fit into that continuity which runs through the whole of experience, and the act of awaking brings this into consciousness, yet that very continuity of experience belongs to real life as its form, and the dream on its part can point to a similar continuity in itself.
因此，虽然个体的梦与现实生活的区别在于它们不符合贯穿整个经验的连续性，并且醒来的行为将其带入意识，但是，经验的连续性本身就属于现实生活，因为它是现实生活的一部分。形式，而梦本身也可以表明类似的连续性。
If, therefore, we consider the question from a point of view external to both, there is no distinct difference in their nature, and we are forced to concede to the poets that life is a long dream.
因此，如果我们从两者的外部角度来考虑这个问题，那么它们的本质并没有明显的区别，我们就不得不向诗人承认，生命是一场漫长的梦想。
 Let us turn back now from this quite independent empirical origin of the question of the reality of the outer world, to its speculative origin.
现在让我们从外部世界现实问题的这个相当独立的经验起源回到它的思辨起源。
We found that this consisted, first, in the false application of the principle of sufficient reason to the relation of subject and object; and secondly, in the confusion of its forms, inasmuch as the principle of sufficient reason of knowing was extended to a province in which the principle of sufficient reason of being is valid.
我们发现，这首先在于对主体与客体关系错误地应用充分理由原则；其次，其形式的混乱，因为认识充分理由原则被延伸到存在充分理由原则有效的领域。
But the question could hardly have occupied philosophers so constantly if it were entirely devoid of all real content, and if some true thought and meaning did not lie at its heart as its real source.
但是，如果这个问题完全缺乏所有真正的内容，如果某些真正的思想和意义并不作为其真正的根源存在于其核心，那么这个问题就不可能如此持续地困扰着哲学家。
Accordingly, we must assume that when the element of truth that lies at the bottom of the question first came into reflection and sought its expression, it became involved in these confused and meaningless forms and problems.
因此，我们必须假设，当问题背后的真理要素第一次被反思并寻求表达时，它就陷入了这些混乱而无意义的形式和问题中。
This at least is my opinion, and I think that the true expression of that inmost meaning of the question, which it failed to find, is this:—What is this world of perception besides being my idea? Is that of which I am conscious only as idea, exactly like my own body, of which I am doubly conscious, in one aspect as _idea_, in another aspect as _will_? The fuller explanation of this question and its answer in the affirmative, will form the content of the second book, and its consequences will occupy the remaining portion of this work.
这至少是我的观点，我认为这个问题的最深层含义的真实表达是这样的：——除了我的想法之外，这个感知世界是什么？我所意识到的只是作为观念，就像我自己的身体一样，我对它有双重意识，一方面是观念，另一方面是意志？对这个问题的更全面的解释及其肯定的答案将构成第二本书的内容，其后果将占据本书的其余部分。
 § 6.
 §6。
For the present, however, in this first book we consider everything merely as idea, as object for the subject.
然而，就目前而言，在第一本书中，我们仅将一切视为想法，作为主题的对象。
And our own body, which is the starting-point for each of us in our perception of the world, we consider, like all other real objects, from the side of its knowableness, and in this regard it is simply an idea.
而我们自己的身体，是我们每个人感知世界的起点，我们像所有其他真实物体一样，从其可知性的角度来考虑，就这一点而言，它只是一个想法。
Now the consciousness of every one is in general opposed to the explanation of objects as mere ideas, and more especially to the explanation of our bodies as such; for the thing in itself is known to each of us immediately in so far as it appears as our own body; but in so far as it objectifies itself in the other objects of perception, it is known only indirectly.
现在，每个人的意识总体上都反对将物体解释为纯粹的观念，尤其反对将我们的身体解释为这样的概念。因为当事物本身表现为我们自己的身体时，我们每个人都可以立即认识它。但就它在其他感知对象中客观化而言，它只能被间接地认识。
But this abstraction, this one-sided treatment, this forcible separation of what is essentially and necessarily united, is only adopted to meet the demands of our argument; and therefore the disinclination to it must, in the meantime, be suppressed and silenced by the expectation that the subsequent treatment will correct the one-sidedness of the present one, and complete our knowledge of the nature of the world.
但这种抽象，这种片面的处理，这种对本质上和必然统一的东西的强行分离，只是为了满足我们论证的要求；因此，与此同时，我们必须压制和压制对它的厌恶，因为我们期望随后的治疗将纠正当前治疗的片面性，并完善我们对世界本质的认识。
 At present therefore the body is for us immediate object; that is to say, that idea which forms the starting-point of the subject’s knowledge; because the body, with its immediately known changes, precedes the application of the law of causality, and thus supplies it with its first data.
因此，目前身体对于我们来说是直接的对象；也就是说，构成学科知识起点的观念；因为身体以其立即已知的变化先于因果律的应用，从而为它提供了第一个数据。
The whole nature of matter consists, as we have seen, in its causal action.
正如我们所见，物质的全部本质在于其因果作用。
But cause and effect exist only for the understanding, which is nothing but their subjective correlative.
但因果只是为了理解而存在，只不过是它们的主观关联。
The understanding, however, could never come into operation if there were not something else from which it starts.
然而，如果没有其他东西作为出发点，这种理解就永远无法发挥作用。
This is simple sensation—the immediate consciousness of the changes of the body, by virtue of which it is immediate object.
这是简单的感觉——对身体变化的直接意识，因此它是直接的客体。
Thus the possibility of knowing the world of perception depends upon two conditions; the first, _objectively expressed_, is the power of material things to act upon each other, to produce changes in each other, without which common quality of all bodies no perception would be possible, even by means of the sensibility of the animal body.
因此，了解知觉世界的可能性取决于两个条件：第一个，客观地表达，是物质事物相互作用、相互产生变化的力量，没有这种力量，所有物体的共同性质就不可能有感知，即使是通过动物身体的敏感性。
And if we wish to express this condition _subjectively_ we say: The understanding first makes perception possible; for the law of causality, the possibility of effect and cause, springs only from the understanding, and is valid only for it, and therefore the world of perception exists only through and for it.
如果我们想_主观地_表达这种情况，我们会说：理解首先使感知成为可能；因为因果律，即结果和原因的可能性，仅源于理解力，并且仅对理解力有效，因此感知世界仅通过理解力并为理解力而存在。
The second condition is the sensibility of animal bodies, or the quality of being immediate objects of the subject which certain bodies possess.
第二个条件是动物身体的敏感性，或者说某些身体所具有的作为主体的直接客体的品质。
The mere modification which the organs of sense sustain from without through their specific affections, may here be called ideas, so far as these affections produce neither pain nor pleasure, that is, have no immediate significance for the will, and are yet perceived, exist therefore only for _knowledge_.
感觉器官通过其特定的情感从外部维持的纯粹修改，在这里可以被称为观念，只要这些情感既不产生痛苦也不产生快乐，也就是说，对意志没有直接的意义，但仍被感知，存在。因此仅用于_知识_。
Thus far, then, I say that the body is immediately _known_, is _immediate object_.
到目前为止，我说身体是立即_已知_，是_立即对象_。
But the conception of object is not to be taken here in its fullest sense, for through this immediate knowledge of the body, which precedes the operation of the understanding, and is mere sensation, our own body does not exist specifically as _object_, but first the material things which affect it: for all knowledge of an object proper, of an idea perceived in space, exists only through and for the understanding; therefore not before, but only subsequently to its operation.
但是，物体的概念在这里并不是以其最完整的意义来理解，因为通过这种对身体的直接认识，它先于知性的运作，并且仅仅是感觉，我们自己的身体并不是作为_物体_而具体存在的，而是首先影响它的物质事物：因为所有关于某个物体的知识，关于在空间中感知的观念的知识，都只能通过理解而存在；因此，不是在其运行之前，而是在其运行之后。
Therefore the body as object proper, that is, as an idea perceived in space, is first known indirectly, like all other objects, through the application of the law of causality to the action of one of its parts upon another, as, for example, when the eye sees the body or the hand touches it.
因此，作为物体本身的身体，即作为在空间中感知的一个概念，首先像所有其他物体一样，通过将因果律应用于其一个部分对另一个部分的作用而被间接地认识，例如， ，当眼睛看到身体或手触摸它时。
Consequently the form of our body does not become known to us through mere feeling, but only through knowledge, only in idea; that is to say, only in the brain does our own body first come to appear as extended, articulate, organic.
因此，我们的身体形态不能仅仅通过感觉而被我们所认识，而只能通过知识，只能通过观念；也就是说，只有在大脑中，我们自己的身体才首先显现为延伸的、清晰的、有机的。
A man born blind receives this idea only little by little from the data afforded by touch.
一个天生失明的人只能从触摸所提供的数据中一点一点地接受这个想法。
A blind man without hands could never come to know his own form; or at the most could infer and construct it little by little from the effects of other bodies upon him.
一个没有手的盲人永远无法认识自己的形状；或者顶多可以根据其他物体对他的影响一点一点地推断和构建出来。
If, then, we call the body an immediate object, we are to be understood with these reservations.
那么，如果我们称身体为直接客体，我们就应该带着这些保留来理解。
 In other respects, then, according to what has been said, all animal bodies are immediate objects; that is, starting-points for the subject which always knows and therefore is never known in its perception of the world.
那么，在其他方面，根据前面所说的，所有动物的身体都是直接的物体；也就是说，主体总是知道的，因此在其对世界的感知中永远不知道的起点。
Thus the distinctive characteristic of animal life is knowledge, with movement following on motives, which are determined by knowledge, just as movement following on stimuli is the distinctive characteristic of plant-life.
因此，动物生命的显着特征是知识，运动遵循由知识决定的动机，正如植物生命的显着特征是跟随刺激而运动一样。
Unorganised matter, however, has no movement except such as is produced by causes properly so called, using the term in its narrowest sense.
然而，无组织物质没有运动，除非由所谓的原因产生的运动（使用该术语的最狭义意义）。
All this I have thoroughly discussed in my essay on the principle of sufficient reason, § 20, in the “Ethics,” first essay, iii., and in my work on Sight and Colour, § 1, to which I therefore refer.
所有这些我都在我的关于充足理由原则的文章第 20 节、《伦理学》第一篇文章 iii. 以及我关于视觉和色彩的著作第 1 节中进行了彻底的讨论，因此我参考了这些内容。
 It follows from what has been said, that all animals, even the least developed, have understanding; for they all know objects, and this knowledge determines their movements as motive.
从上述内容可以看出，所有动物，即使是最不发达的动物，都具有理解力。因为他们都知道物体，而这种知识决定了他们的运动作为动机。
Understanding is the same in all animals and in all men; it has everywhere the same simple form; knowledge of causality, transition from effect to cause, and from cause to effect, nothing more; but the degree of its acuteness, and the extension of the sphere of its knowledge varies enormously, with innumerable gradations from the lowest form, which is only conscious of the causal connection between the immediate object and objects affecting it—that is to say, perceives a cause as an object in space by passing to it from the affection which the body feels, to the higher grades of knowledge of the causal connection among objects known indirectly, which extends to the understanding of the most complicated system of cause and effect in nature.
所有动物和所有人类的理解力都是一样的。它到处都有相同的简单形式；因果关系的知识，从结果到原因的转变，以及从原因到结果的转变，仅此而已；但它的敏锐程度和知识范围的扩展差异很大，从最低的形式开始有无数的层次，最低的形式只意识到直接对象和影响它的对象之间的因果关系，也就是说，感知作为空间中的物体的原因，通过从身体感受到的情感传递到间接已知的物体之间因果关系的更高层次的知识，这延伸到对自然界最复杂的因果系统的理解。
For even this high degree of knowledge is still the work of the understanding, not of the reason.
因为即使是这种高度的知识仍然是理解的工作，而不是理性的工作。
The abstract concepts of the reason can only serve to take up the objective connections which are immediately known by the understanding, to make them permanent for thought, and to relate them to each other; but reason never gives us immediate knowledge.
理性的抽象概念只能起到理解力立即认识的客观联系的作用，使它们永久地存在于思想中，并将它们相互联系起来；但理性永远不会给我们直接的知识。
Every force and law of nature, every example of such forces and laws, must first be immediately known by the understanding, must be apprehended through perception before it can pass into abstract consciousness for reason.
自然的每一种力量和法则，这种力量和法则的每一个例子，都必须首先被理解力立即认识，必须通过感知来理解，然后才能进入理性的抽象意识。
Hooke’s discovery of the law of gravitation, and the reference of so many important phenomena to this one law, was the work of immediate apprehension by the understanding; and such also was the proof of Newton’s calculations, and Lavoisier’s discovery of acids and their important function in nature, and also Goethe’s discovery of the origin of physical colours.
胡克对万有引力定律的发现，以及许多重要现象与这一定律的联系，都是理解力立即理解的成果。这也是牛顿计算的证明，拉瓦锡对酸及其在自然界中的重要作用的发现，以及歌德对物理颜色起源的发现的证明。
All these discoveries are nothing more than a correct immediate passage from the effect to the cause, which is at once followed by the recognition of the ideality of the force of nature which expresses itself in all causes of the same kind; and this complete insight is just an example of that single function of the understanding, by which an animal perceives as an object in space the cause which affects its body, and differs from such a perception only in degree.
所有这些发现只不过是从结果到原因的正确直接通道，随之而来的是对自然力理想性的认识，这种理想性在所有同类原因中表现出来；这种完整的洞察力只是知性的单一功能的一个例子，通过这种功能，动物将影响其身体的原因感知为空间中的物体，并且与这种感知的不同之处仅在于程度。
Every one of these great discoveries is therefore, just like perception, an operation of the understanding, an immediate intuition, and as such the work of an instant, an _apperçu_, a flash of insight.
因此，这些伟大的发现中的每一个，就像知觉一样，都是一种理解力的运作，一种直接的直觉，因此是瞬间的工作，一种_apperçu_，一种顿悟。
They are not the result of a process of abstract reasoning, which only serves to make the immediate knowledge of the understanding permanent for thought by bringing it under abstract concepts, _i.e._, it makes knowledge distinct, it puts us in a position to impart it and explain it to others.
它们不是抽象推理过程的结果，抽象推理的作用只是通过将其置于抽象概念之下，使理解的直接知识永久地用于思想，也就是说，它使知识变得独特，它使我们处于一个位置传授它并向他人解释它。
The keenness of the understanding in apprehending the causal relations of objects which are known indirectly, does not find its only application in the sphere of natural science (though all the discoveries in that sphere are due to it), but it also appears in practical life.
理解间接已知的对象的因果关系的敏锐性，并不仅仅应用于自然科学领域（尽管该领域的所有发现都归功于它），而且它也出现在实际生活中。
It is then called good sense or prudence, as in its other application it is better called acuteness, penetration, sagacity.
它被称为良好的判断力或谨慎，因为在其其他应用中，它更好地被称为敏锐、洞察力、睿智。
More exactly, good sense or prudence signifies exclusively understanding at the command of the will.
更准确地说，良好的判断力或审慎意味着完全按照意志的指挥进行理解。
But the limits of these conceptions must not be too sharply defined, for it is always that one function of the understanding by means of which all animals perceive objects in space, which, in its keenest form, appears now in the phenomena of nature, correctly inferring the unknown causes from the given effects, and providing the material from which the reason frames general rules as laws of nature; now inventing complicated and ingenious machines by adapting known causes to desired effects; now in the sphere of motives, seeing through and frustrating intrigues and machinations, or fitly disposing the motives and the men who are susceptible to them, setting them in motion, as machines are moved by levers and wheels, and directing them at will to the accomplishment of its ends.
但这些概念的界限不能过于明确，因为它始终是所有动物感知空间物体的一种理解功能，它以最敏锐的形式出现在自然现象中，正确地从给定的结果中推断出未知的原因，并提供材料，以便理性将一般规则构建为自然法则；现在通过使已知的原因适应所需的效果来发明复杂而巧妙的机器；现在在动机领域，看穿并挫败阴谋和阴谋，或者适当地处理动机和易受其影响的人，使它们运转起来，就像机器通过杠杆和轮子移动一样，并随意引导它们走向目标。其目的的实现。
Deficiency of understanding is called _stupidity_.
缺乏理解力称为_愚蠢_。
It is just _dulness in applying the law of causality_, incapacity for the immediate apprehension of the concatenations of causes and effects, motives and actions.
这只是“应用因果律的迟钝”，无法立即理解原因和结果、动机和行动的串联。
A stupid person has no insight into the connection of natural phenomena, either when they follow their own course, or when they are intentionally combined, _i.e._, are applied to machinery.
一个愚蠢的人无法洞察自然现象的联系，无论是当它们遵循自己的路线，还是当它们被有意地组合起来，即应用于机器时。
Such a man readily believes in magic and miracles.
这样的人很容易相信魔法和奇迹。
A stupid man does not observe that persons, who apparently act independently of each other, are really in collusion; he is therefore easily mystified, and outwitted; he does not discern the hidden motives of proffered advice or expressions of opinion, &c.
愚蠢的人不会观察到，表面上相互独立行事的人们实际上是相互勾结的。因此，他很容易被迷惑，也很容易被愚弄。他无法辨别所提供的建议或表达的意见等的隐藏动机。
But it is always just one thing that he lacks—keenness, rapidity, ease in applying the law of causality, _i.e._, power of understanding.
但他始终只缺乏一件事——敏锐、迅速、运用因果律的轻松，即理解力。
The greatest, and, in this reference, the most instructive example of stupidity I ever met with, was the case of a totally imbecile boy of about eleven years of age, in an asylum.
我所见过的最伟大的、也是最有启发性的愚蠢例子是一个精神病院里一个大约十一岁的完全低能男孩的例子。
He had reason, because he spoke and comprehended, but in respect of understanding he was inferior to many of the lower animals.
他有理性，因为他能说话、能理解，但就理解力而言，他不如许多低等动物。
Whenever I visited him he noticed an eye-glass which I wore round my neck, and in which the window of the room and the tops of the trees beyond were reflected: on every occasion he was greatly surprised and delighted with this, and was never tired of looking at it with astonishment, because he did not understand the immediate causation of reflection.
每当我拜访他时，他都会注意到我脖子上戴着一块眼镜，里面映出房间的窗户和远处的树顶：每次他都对此感到非常惊讶和高兴，并且从来没有他厌倦了惊讶地看着它，因为他不明白反思的直接因果关系。
 While the difference in degree of the acuteness of the understanding, is very great between man and man, it is even greater between one species of animal and another.
虽然人与人之间理解的敏锐程度差异很大，但一种动物与另一种动物之间的差异更大。
In all species of animals, even those which are nearest to plants, there is at least as much understanding as suffices for the inference from the effect on the immediate object, to the indirectly known object as its cause, _i.e._, sufficient for perception, for the apprehension of an object.
在所有动物物种中，即使是最接近植物的动物，也至少有足够多的理解力，可以从对直接对象的影响到间接已知的对象作为其原因进行推论，即，足够为了感知，为了对物体的理解。
For it is this that constitutes them animals, as it gives them the power of movement following on motives, and thereby the power of seeking for food, or at least of seizing it; whereas plants have only movement following on stimuli, whose direct influence they must await, or else decay, for they cannot seek after them nor appropriate them.
因为正是这一点使它们成为动物，因为它赋予它们跟随动机运动的能力，从而赋予它们寻找食物或至少夺取食物的能力；而植物只能根据刺激进行运动，它们必须等待刺激的直接影响，否则就会腐烂，因为它们无法寻找或占有它们。
We marvel at the great sagacity of the most developed species of animals, such as the dog, the elephant, the monkey or the fox, whose cleverness has been so admirably sketched by Buffon.
我们惊叹于最发达的动物物种的伟大智慧，例如狗、大象、猴子或狐狸，布冯如此令人钦佩地描绘了它们的聪明才智。
From these most sagacious animals, we can pretty accurately determine how far understanding can go without reason, _i.e._, abstract knowledge embodied in concepts.
从这些最聪明的动物身上，我们可以相当准确地确定在没有理由的情况下理解可以走多远，即体现在概念中的抽象知识。
We could not find this out from ourselves, for in us understanding and reason always reciprocally support each other.
我们无法从自己身上发现这一点，因为我们的理解和理性总是相互支持的。
We find that the manifestation of understanding in animals is sometimes above our expectation, and sometimes below it.
我们发现动物的理解力表现有时超出我们的预期，有时低于我们的预期。
On the one hand, we are surprised at the sagacity of the elephant, who, after crossing many bridges during his journey in Europe, once refused to go upon one, because he thought it was not strong enough to bear his weight, though he saw the rest of the party, consisting of men and horses, go upon it as usual.
一方面，我们对大象的聪明才智感到惊讶，它在欧洲旅行期间跨越了许多桥梁后，曾经拒绝走上一座，因为他认为大象不够坚固，无法承受他的重量，尽管他看到了队伍的其余部分，包括人和马，照常继续前进。
On the other hand, we wonder that the intelligent Orang-outangs, who warm themselves at a fire they have found, do not keep it alight by throwing wood on it; a proof that this requires a deliberation which is not possible without abstract concepts.
另一方面，我们奇怪的是，聪明的红毛猩猩在找到火时取暖，却不会通过向火上扔木头来保持火的燃烧；而是通过在火上扔木头来保持火的燃烧。证明这需要深思熟虑，如果没有抽象概念，这是不可能的。
It is clear that the knowledge of cause and effect, as the universal form of understanding, belongs to all animals _a priori_, because to them as to us it is the prior condition of all perception of the outer world.
显然，因果知识作为理解的普遍形式，先验地属于所有动物，因为对于它们和我们来说，它是所有感知外部世界的先决条件。
If any one desires additional proof of this, let him observe, for example, how a young dog is afraid to jump down from a table, however much he may wish to do so, because he foresees the effect of the weight of his body, though he has not been taught this by experience.
如果有人想要进一步证明这一点，让他观察一下，例如，一只小狗如何害怕从桌子上跳下来，无论他多么希望这样做，因为他预见到了自己身体重量的影响，尽管他没有从经验中学到这一点。
In judging of the understanding of animals, we must guard against ascribing to it the manifestations of instinct, a faculty which is quite distinct both from understanding and reason, but the action of which is often very analogous to the combined action of the two.
在判断动物的理解力时，我们必须警惕将其归咎于本能的表现，本能是一种与理解力和理性截然不同的能力，但其行动往往非常类似于两者的联合行动。
We cannot, however, discuss this here; it will find its proper place in the second book, when we consider the harmony or so-called teleology of nature: and the 27th chapter of the supplementary volume is expressly devoted to it.
然而，我们不能在这里讨论这个问题；当我们考虑和谐或所谓的自然目的论时，它会在第二本书中找到合适的位置：并且补充卷的第27章明确致力于它。
 Deficiency of _understanding_ we call _stupidity_: deficiency in the application of _reason_ to practice we shall recognise later as _foolishness_: deficiency of judgment as _silliness_, and lastly, partial or entire deficiency of _memory_ as _madness_.
缺乏理解，我们称之为“愚蠢”：缺乏将理性运用到实践中的能力，我们稍后将其称为“愚蠢”；缺乏判断力，称为“愚蠢”；最后，部分或全部缺乏“记忆”，称为“疯狂”。
But each of these will be considered in its own place.
但每一项都将在其各自的位置进行考虑。
That which is correctly known by _reason_ is _truth_, that is, an abstract judgment on sufficient grounds (Essay on the Principle of Sufficient Reason, § 29 and following paragraphs); that which is correctly known by _understanding_ is _reality_, that is correct inference from effect on the immediate object to its cause.
_reason_正确认识的是_truth_，即基于充分理由的抽象判断（《充分理由原则论文》，第29段及以下段落）； _理解_正确认识的是_现实_，即从对直接对象的影响到其原因的正确推论。
_Error_ is opposed to _truth_, as deception of the _reason_: _illusion_ is opposed to _reality_, as deception of the _understanding_.
_错误_与_真理_相对，因为对_原因_的欺骗：_幻觉_与_现实_相对，因为对_理解_的欺骗。
The full discussion of all this will be found in the first chapter of my essay on Light and Colour.
所有这些的完整讨论将在我关于光与色彩的文章的第一章中找到。
Illusion takes place when the same effect may be attributed to two causes, of which one occurs very frequently, the other very seldom; the understanding having no data to decide which of these two causes operates in any particular case,—for their effects are exactly alike,—always assumes the presence of the commoner cause, and as the activity of the understanding is not reflective and discursive, but direct and immediate, this false cause appears before us as a perceived object, whereas it is merely illusion.
当相同的结果可能归因于两个原因时，幻觉就会发生，其中一个原因非常频繁，另一个则很少发生；理解没有数据来决定这两个原因中的哪一个在任何特定情况下起作用，因为它们的效果完全相同，所以总是假设普遍原因的存在，并且理解的活动不是反思性的和推论性的，而是这个错误的原因直接而直接地作为一个感知对象出现在我们面前，而它仅仅是幻觉。
I have explained in the essay referred to, how in this way double sight and double feeling take place if the organs of sense are brought into an unusual position; and have thus given an incontrovertible proof that perception exists only through and for the understanding.
我在提到的文章中已经解释过，如果感觉器官处于不寻常的位置，双重视觉和双重感觉是如何发生的；因此，我们提供了无可争议的证据，证明知觉只能通过理解而存在。
As additional examples of such illusions or deceptions of the understanding, we may mention the broken appearance of a stick dipped in water; the reflections in spherical mirrors, which, when the surface is convex appear somewhat behind it, and when the surface is concave appear a long way in front of it.
作为这种幻觉或理解欺骗的额外例子，我们可以提到一根棍子浸在水中的破碎外观；球面镜中的反射，当表面是凸面时，会出现在其后面，而当表面是凹面时，会出现在其前面很远的地方。
To this class also belongs the apparently greater extension of the moon at the horizon than at the zenith.
月亮在地平线处的延伸明显大于天顶处的延伸也属于这一类。
This appearance is not optical, for as the micrometre proves, the eye receives the image of the moon at the zenith, at an even greater angle of vision than at the horizon.
这种外观不是光学的，因为正如微米所证明的那样，眼睛以比地平线更大的视角接收天顶月亮的图像。
The mistake is due to the understanding, which assumes that the cause of the feebler light of the moon and of all stars at the horizon is that they are further off, thus treating them as earthly objects, according to the laws of atmospheric perspective, and therefore it takes the moon to be much larger at the horizon than at the zenith, and also regards the vault of heaven as more extended or flattened out at the horizon.
这个错误是由于这样的理解造成的，它认为月亮和地平线上所有星星的光较弱的原因是它们距离较远，因此根据大气透视定律将它们视为地球上的物体，并且因此，它认为地平线处的月亮比天顶处的月亮大得多，并且认为天穹在地平线处更加延伸或平坦。
The same false application of the laws of atmospheric perspective leads us to suppose that very high mountains, whose summits alone are visible in pure transparent air, are much nearer than they really are, and therefore not so high as they are; for example, Mont Blanc seen from Salenche.
对大气透视定律的同样错误应用导致我们假设非常高的山脉，其山顶在纯净透明的空气中可见，但它们比实际距离要近得多，因此没有它们那么高；例如，从萨朗什看到的勃朗峰。
All such illusions are immediately present to us as perceptions, and cannot be dispelled by any arguments of the reason.
所有这些幻觉都以知觉的形式立即呈现在我们面前，并且不能被任何理性论证所驱散。
Reason can only prevent error, that is, a judgment on insufficient grounds, by opposing to it a truth; as for example, the abstract knowledge that the cause of the weaker light of the moon and the stars at the horizon is not greater distance, but the denser atmosphere; but in all the cases we have referred to, the illusion remains in spite of every abstract explanation.
理性只能通过反对真理来防止错误，即基于不充分理由的判断。例如，抽象知识认为地平线上的月亮和星星的光较弱的原因不是距离较远，而是大气较稠密；但在我们提到的所有案例中，尽管有各种抽象的解释，幻觉仍然存在。
For the understanding is in itself, even in the case of man, irrational, and is completely and sharply distinguished from the reason, which is a faculty of knowledge that belongs to man alone.
因为理解力本身就是非理性的，即使对于人来说也是如此，它与理性完全而尖锐地区别开来，而理性是一种只属于人类的知识能力。
The reason can only _know_; perception remains free from its influence and belongs to the understanding alone.
原因只能_知道_；知觉不受其影响，只属于知性。
 § 7.
 §7.
With reference to our exposition up to this point, it must be observed that we did not start either from the object or the subject, but from the idea, which contains and presupposes them both; for the antithesis of object and subject is its primary, universal and essential form.
就我们到目前为止的阐述而言，必须指出的是，我们既不是从客体也不是从主体出发，而是从观念出发，观念包含并预设了两者。因为客体和主体的对立是其首要的、普遍的和本质的形式。
We have therefore first considered this form as such; then (though in this respect reference has for the most part been made to the introductory essay) the subordinate forms of time, space and causality.
因此，我们首先考虑这种形式；然后（尽管在这方面大部分参考了介绍性文章）时间、空间和因果关系的从属形式。
The latter belong exclusively to the _object_, and yet, as they are essential to the object _as such_, and as the object again is essential to the subject _as such_, they may be discovered from the subject, _i.e._, they may be known _a priori_, and so far they are to be regarded as the common limits of both.
后者排他地属于_客体_，然而，由于它们对于客体_本身而言是必要的，并且客体又对于主体_本身而言是必要的，因此它们可以从主体中发现，即，它们可以是先验已知的，到目前为止，它们被视为两者的共同限制。
But all these forms may be referred to one general expression, the principle of sufficient reason, as we have explained in the introductory essay.
但正如我们在介绍性文章中所解释的那样，所有这些形式都可以指代一种普遍的表达方式，即充足理由原则。
 This procedure distinguishes our philosophical method from that of all former systems.
这个过程将我们的哲学方法与所有以前的系统的哲学方法区分开来。
For they all start either from the object or from the subject, and therefore seek to explain the one from the other, and this according to the principle of sufficient reason.
因为他们要么从客体出发，要么从主体出发，因此力图从另一方解释一者，而这是根据充分理由的原则。
We, on the contrary, deny the validity of this principle with reference to the relation of subject and object, and confine it to the object.
相反，我们就主体与客体的关系否认这一原则的有效性，并将其局限于客体。
It may be thought that the philosophy of identity, which has appeared and become generally known in our own day, does not come under either of the alternatives we have named, for it does not start either from the subject or from the object, but from the absolute, known through “intellectual intuition,” which is neither object nor subject, but the identity of the two.
人们可能会认为，在我们这个时代出现并广为人知的同一性哲学并不属于我们所命名的任何一种选择，因为它既不是从主体开始，也不是从客体开始，而是从客体开始。绝对的，通过“理智直觉”而得知，它既不是客体也不是主体，而是两者的同一性。
I will not venture to speak of this revered identity, and this absolute, for I find myself entirely devoid of all “intellectual intuition.” But as I take my stand merely on those manifestoes of the “intellectual intuiter” which are open to all, even to profane persons like myself, I must yet observe that this philosophy is not to be excepted from the alternative errors mentioned above.
我不会冒险谈论这个受人尊敬的身份和绝对的身份，因为我发现自己完全缺乏所有“智力直觉”。但是，由于我的立场只是站在那些向所有人开放的“知识分子直觉者”宣言上，甚至对像我这样的世俗之人来说，我仍然必须观察到，这种哲学不能排除上述其他错误。
For it does not escape these two opposite errors in spite of its identity of subject and object, which is not thinkable, but only “intellectually intuitable,” or to be experienced by a losing of oneself in it.
因为尽管它具有主体和客体的同一性，但它还是无法逃脱这两个相反的错误，这是不可想象的，而只是“理智上可直觉的”，或者是通过在其中迷失自我而体验到的。
On the contrary, it combines them both in itself; for it is divided into two parts, firstly, transcendental idealism, which is just Fichte’s doctrine of the _ego_, and therefore teaches that the object is produced by the subject, or evolved out of it in accordance with the principle of sufficient reason; secondly, the philosophy of nature, which teaches that the subject is produced little by little from the object, by means of a method called construction, about which I understand very little, yet enough to know that it is a process according to various forms of the principle of sufficient reason.
相反，它把两者结合在了一起；因为它分为两部分：第一，先验唯心主义，这正是费希特的“自我”学说，因此教导客体是由主体产生的，或者是根据充分理由原则从主体演化而来的；第二，是先验唯心主义。其次，自然哲学，它教导说，主体是通过一种称为构造的方法从客体一点一点地产生出来的，对此我知之甚少，但足以知道这是一个根据各种形式的过程。充足理由原则。
The deep wisdom itself which that construction contains, I renounce; for as I entirely lack “intellectual intuition,” all those expositions which presuppose it must for me remain as a book sealed with seven seals.
我放弃了这个建筑所蕴含的深刻智慧；因为我完全缺乏“理智的直觉”，所以所有那些以它为前提的阐述对我来说都只能像一本用七印密封的书一样。
This is so truly the case that, strange to say, I have always been unable to find anything at all in this doctrine of profound wisdom but atrocious and wearisome bombast.
情况确实如此，说起来奇怪，我在这个深奥智慧的教义中始终找不到任何东西，除了残暴而令人厌烦的夸夸其谈。
 The systems starting from the object had always the whole world of perception and its constitution as their problem; yet the object which they take as their starting-point is not always this whole world of perception, nor its fundamental element, matter.
从客体出发的系统总是将整个感知世界及其构成作为它们的问题。然而，他们作为出发点的对象并不总是整个感知世界，也不是它的基本元素——物质。
On the contrary, a division of these systems may be made, based on the four classes of possible objects set forth in the introductory essay.
相反，可以根据介绍性文章中提出的四类可能对象对这些系统进行划分。
Thus Thales and the Ionic school, Democritus, Epicurus, Giordano Bruno, and the French materialists, may be said to have started from the first class of objects, the real world: Spinoza (on account of his conception of substance, which is purely abstract, and exists only in his definition) and, earlier, the Eleatics, from the second class, the abstract conception: the Pythagoreans and Chinese philosophy in Y-King, from the third class, time, and consequently number: and, lastly, the schoolmen, who teach a creation out of nothing by the act of will of an extra-mundane personal being, started from the fourth class of objects, the act of will directed by knowledge.
因此，泰勒斯和爱奥尼亚学派、德谟克利特、伊壁鸠鲁、佐丹奴布鲁诺和法国唯物主义者，可以说是从第一类物体——现实世界——斯宾诺莎开始的（由于他的实体概念是纯粹抽象的） ，并且仅存在于他的定义中）以及更早的埃利亚学派，来自第二类，抽象概念：《Y-King》中的毕达哥拉斯学派和中国哲学，来自第三类，时间，因此数字：最后，那些通过超凡脱俗的个人的意志行为来教导从无到有的创造的学者，是从第四类物体开始的，即由知识指导的意志行为。
 Of all systems of philosophy which start from the object, the most consistent, and that which may be carried furthest, is simple materialism.
在所有从客体出发的哲学体系中，最一致、最可能传播最远的是简单唯物主义。
It regards matter, and with it time and space, as existing absolutely, and ignores the relation to the subject in which alone all this really exists.
它认为物质以及随之而来的时间和空间是绝对存在的，而忽略了与主体的关系，而这一切都只有在主体中才真正存在。
It then lays hold of the law of causality as a guiding principle or clue, regarding it as a self-existent order (or arrangement) of things, _veritas aeterna_, and so fails to take account of the understanding, in which and for which alone causality is.
然后，它把因果律作为指导原则或线索，将其视为事物的自存秩序（或安排），_veritas aeterna_，因此未能考虑到理解，其中和仅针对其因果关系是。
It seeks the primary and most simple state of matter, and then tries to develop all the others from it; ascending from mere mechanism, to chemism, to polarity, to the vegetable and to the animal kingdom.
它寻求物质的最初和最简单的状态，然后尝试从中发展出所有其他状态；从单纯的机制上升到化学、极性、植物和动物王国。
And if we suppose this to have been done, the last link in the chain would be animal sensibility—that is knowledge—which would consequently now appear as a mere modification or state of matter produced by causality.
如果我们假设已经做到了这一点，那么链条中的最后一个环节将是动物的敏感性，即知识，因此它现在看起来只是因果关系产生的物质的修改或状态。
Now if we had followed materialism thus far with clear ideas, when we reached its highest point we would suddenly be seized with a fit of the inextinguishable laughter of the Olympians.
现在，如果我们迄今为止一直以清晰的观念追随唯物主义，那么当我们达到最高点时，我们会突然被奥林匹斯众神的一阵不灭的笑声所吸引。
As if waking from a dream, we would all at once become aware that its final result—knowledge, which it reached so laboriously, was presupposed as the indispensable condition of its very starting-point, mere matter; and when we imagined that we thought matter, we really thought only the subject that perceives matter; the eye that sees it, the hand that feels it, the understanding that knows it.
仿佛从梦中醒来，我们会立刻意识到它的最终结果——知识，它如此费力地达到，被预设为它的起点——纯粹的物质——的不可或缺的条件；而知识是它的出发点——物质——的必要条件。当我们想象我们认为物质时，我们实际上只想到了感知物质的主体；眼睛看到它，手感觉到它，理解它。
Thus the tremendous _petitio principii_ reveals itself unexpectedly; for suddenly the last link is seen to be the starting-point, the chain a circle, and the materialist is like Baron Münchausen who, when swimming in water on horseback, drew the horse into the air with his legs, and himself also by his cue.
这样，巨大的_petitio principii_就出乎意料地显露出来了。因为突然之间，最后一环被视为起点，链条变成了一个圆圈，而唯物主义者就像明豪森男爵一样，当他骑在马背上游泳时，用腿把马拉到空中，而他自己也用腿把马拉到空中。提示。
The fundamental absurdity of materialism is that it starts from the _objective_, and takes as the ultimate ground of explanation something _objective_, whether it be matter in the abstract, simply as it is _thought_, or after it has taken form, is empirically given—that is to say, is _substance_, the chemical element with its primary relations.
唯物主义的根本荒谬之处在于，它从_客观_出发，并把某种_客观_事物作为解释的最终依据，无论它是抽象的物质，简单地是_思想_，还是在它形成之后，是经验性地给定的——也就是说，是_物质_，化学元素及其主要关系。
Some such thing it takes, as existing absolutely and in itself, in order that it may evolve organic nature and finally the knowing subject from it, and explain them adequately by means of it; whereas in truth all that is objective is already determined as such in manifold ways by the knowing subject through its forms of knowing, and presupposes them; and consequently it entirely disappears if we think the subject away.
它需要一些这样的东西，作为绝对存在和本身，以便它可以进化出有机自然，并最终从中进化出认知主体，并通过它充分地解释它们；而事实上，所有客观事物都已经由认知主体通过其认知形式以多种方式决定，并预设了它们；因此，如果我们把这个话题抛开，它就会完全消失。
Thus materialism is the attempt to explain what is immediately given us by what is given us indirectly.
因此，唯物主义试图用间接给予我们的东西来解释直接给予我们的东西。
All that is objective, extended, active—that is to say, all that is material—is regarded by materialism as affording so solid a basis for its explanation, that a reduction of everything to this can leave nothing to be desired (especially if in ultimate analysis this reduction should resolve itself into action and reaction).
唯物主义认为，一切客观的、广延的、主动的东西——也就是说，一切物质的东西——都为其解释提供了如此坚实的基础，以至于将一切都简化为这样就不会留下任何不足之处（特别是如果在最终分析，这种减少应该分解为行动和反应）。
But we have shown that all this is given indirectly and in the highest degree determined, and is therefore merely a relatively present object, for it has passed through the machinery and manufactory of the brain, and has thus come under the forms of space, time and causality, by means of which it is first presented to us as extended in space and ever active in time.
但我们已经证明，所有这一切都是间接给定的，并且在最高程度上是确定的，因此只是一个相对存在的物体，因为它已经通过了大脑的机器和制造，并因此处于空间、时间的形式之下。和因果关系，通过它，它首先呈现在我们面前，在空间上是延伸的，在时间上是永远活跃的。
From such an indirectly given object, materialism seeks to explain what is immediately given, the idea (in which alone the object that materialism starts with exists), and finally even the will from which all those fundamental forces, that manifest themselves, under the guidance of causes, and therefore according to law, are in truth to be explained.
从这样一个间接给定的对象，唯物主义试图解释什么是直接给定的，观念（唯物主义开始的对象仅存在于观念中），最后甚至是意志，所有这些基本力量都在意志的指导下表现出来。原因，因此根据法律，实际上是需要解释的。
To the assertion that thought is a modification of matter we may always, with equal right, oppose the contrary assertion that all matter is merely the modification of the knowing subject, as its idea.
对于思想是物质的修改这一断言，我们总是可以以同样的权利反对相反的断言，即所有物质仅仅是认识主体（作为其观念）的修改。
Yet the aim and ideal of all natural science is at bottom a consistent materialism.
然而，所有自然科学的目标和理想本质上都是一致的唯物主义。
The recognition here of the obvious impossibility of such a system establishes another truth which will appear in the course of our exposition, the truth that all science properly so called, by which I understand systematic knowledge under the guidance of the principle of sufficient reason, can never reach its final goal, nor give a complete and adequate explanation: for it is not concerned with the inmost nature of the world, it cannot get beyond the idea; indeed, it really teaches nothing more than the relation of one idea to another.
这里承认这样一个系统显然是不可能的，这就建立了另一个真理，它将在我们的阐述过程中出现，即所有所谓的科学，我通过它在充分理由原则的指导下理解系统知识，都可以永远无法达到其最终目标，也无法给出完整而充分的解释：因为它不关心世界的最本质，所以它无法超越观念；事实上，它实际上只是教导一种观念与另一种观念的关系。
 Every science must start from two principal data.
每门科学都必须从两个主要数据开始。
One of these is always the principle of sufficient reason in some form or another, as organon; the other is its special object as problem.
其中之一始终是某种形式的充足理由原则，如欧加农；二是其作为问题的特殊对象。
Thus, for example, geometry has space as problem, and the ground of existence in space as organon.
因此，举例来说，几何学以空间为问题，以空间存在的基础为有机器。
Arithmetic has time as problem, and the ground of existence in time as organon.
算术以时间作为问题，以时间为存在基础作为欧根农。
Logic has the combination of concepts as such as problem, and the ground of knowledge as organon.
逻辑具有诸如问题之类的概念的组合，以及诸如器官之类的知识基础。
History has the past acts of men treated as a whole as problem, and the law of human motives as organon.
历史将人类过去的行为视为一个整体，将其视为问题，将人类动机的规律视为有机体。
Natural science has matter as problem, and the law of causality as organon.
自然科学以物质为问题，以因果律为有机体。
Its end and aim is therefore, by the guidance of causality, to refer all possible states of matter to other states, and ultimately to one single state; and again to deduce these states from each other, and ultimately from one single state.
因此，它的目的和目的是在因果关系的指导下，将所有可能的物质状态转移到其他状态，并最终转移到一个状态；并再次从彼此推断出这些状态，并最终从一个状态推断出来。
Thus two states of matter stand over against each other in natural science as extremes: that state in which matter is furthest from being the immediate object of the subject, and that state in which it is most completely such an immediate object, _i.e._, the most dead and crude matter, the primary element, as the one extreme, and the human organism as the other.
因此，在自然科学中，物质的两种状态作为极端而相互对立：物质最远离主体的直接客体的状态，以及物质最完全地成为主体的直接客体的状态，即。 _，最死和最原始的物质，初级元素，作为一个极端，而人类有机体作为另一个极端。
Natural science as chemistry seeks for the first, as physiology for the second.
自然科学如化学寻求第一个，如生理学寻求第二个。
But as yet neither extreme has been reached, and it is only in the intermediate ground that something has been won.
但到目前为止，这两个极端都还没有达到，只有在中间地带才取得了一些成果。
The prospect is indeed somewhat hopeless.
前景确实有些渺茫。
The chemists, under the presupposition that the qualitative division of matter is not, like quantitative division, an endless process, are always trying to decrease the number of the elements, of which there are still about sixty; and if they were to succeed in reducing them to two, they would still try to find the common root of these.
化学家们假设物质的定性划分并不像定量划分那样是一个永无休止的过程，因此他们总是试图减少元素的数量，目前元素的数量仍然大约有六十种；即使他们成功地将它们减少到两个，他们仍然会尝试找到它们的共同根源。
For, on the one hand, the law of homogeneity leads to the assumption of a primary chemical state of matter, which alone belongs to matter as such, and precedes all others which are not essentially matter as such, but merely contingent forms and qualities.
因为，一方面，同质性定律导致了物质的一种基本化学状态的假设，这种状态单独属于物质本身，并且先于所有其他本质上不是物质本身而只是偶然形式和性质的物质。
On the other hand, we cannot understand how this one state could ever experience a chemical change, if there did not exist a second state to affect it.
另一方面，如果不存在第二种状态来影响它，我们无法理解这种状态如何经历化学变化。
Thus the same difficulty appears in chemistry which Epicurus met with in mechanics.
因此，伊壁鸠鲁在力学中遇到的同样的困难也出现在化学中。
For he had to show how the first atom departed from the original direction of its motion.
因为他必须证明第一个原子是如何偏离其原始运动方向的。
Indeed this contradiction, which develops entirely of itself and can neither be escaped nor solved, might quite properly be set up as a chemical _antinomy_.
事实上，这种完全自发发展的矛盾，既无法逃避也无法解决，可以很恰当地将其视为化学的“二律背反”。
Thus an antinomy appears in the one extreme of natural science, and a corresponding one will appear in the other.
因此，在自然科学的一个极端中出现了矛盾，而在另一个极端中也会出现相应的矛盾。
There is just as little hope of reaching this opposite extreme of natural science, for we see ever more clearly that what is chemical can never be referred to what is mechanical, nor what is organic to what is chemical or electrical.
达到自然科学的相反极端的希望同样渺茫，因为我们越来越清楚地看到，化学永远不能与机械相关，有机永远不能与化学或电气相关。
Those who in our own day are entering anew on this old, misleading path, will soon slink back silent and ashamed, as all their predecessors have done before them.
那些在我们这个时代重新走上这条古老的、误导性道路的人，很快就会陷入沉默和羞愧，就像他们的前辈所做的那样。
We shall consider this more fully in the second book.
我们将在第二本书中更全面地考虑这一点。
Natural science encounters the difficulties which we have cursorily mentioned, in its own province.
自然科学在其自己的领域遇到了我们粗略提到的困难。
Regarded as philosophy, it would further be materialism; but this, as we have seen, even at its birth, has death in its heart, because it ignores the subject and the forms of knowledge, which are presupposed, just as much in the case of the crudest matter, from which it desires to start, as in that of the organism, at which it desires to arrive.
如果说是哲学，那就是唯物主义；如果说是哲学，那就是唯物主义。但是，正如我们所看到的，即使在它诞生的时候，它的内心也已经死亡，因为它忽视了预先假定的主体和知识形式，就像最原始的物质一样，它希望从中获得知识。开始，就像有机体希望到达的地方一样。
For, “no object without a subject,” is the principle which renders all materialism for ever impossible.
因为，“没有主体就没有客体”，这一原则使一切唯物主义永远不可能。
Suns and planets without an eye that sees them, and an understanding that knows them, may indeed be spoken of in words, but for the idea, these words are absolutely meaningless.
太阳和行星如果没有眼睛看到它们，也没有了解它们的理解力，确实可以用语言来谈论，但对于这个想法来说，这些话绝对没有意义。
On the other hand, the law of causality and the treatment and investigation of nature which is based upon it, lead us necessarily to the conclusion that, in time, each more highly organised state of matter has succeeded a cruder state: so that the lower animals existed before men, fishes before land animals, plants before fishes, and the unorganised before all that is organised; that, consequently, the original mass had to pass through a long series of changes before the first eye could be opened.
另一方面，因果律以及以此为基础的对自然的处理和研究，使我们必然得出这样的结论：随着时间的推移，每一种组织程度更高的物质状态都继承了一种更原始的状态：因此，较低的物质状态动物先于人类存在，鱼类先于陆地动物，植物先于鱼类，无组织的事物先于有组织的事物存在。因此，在第一只眼睛能够睁开之前，原始质量必须经过一系列的变化。
And yet, the existence of this whole world remains ever dependent upon the first eye that opened, even if it were that of an insect.
然而，整个世界的存在仍然依赖于第一只睁开的眼睛，即使它是昆虫的眼睛。
For such an eye is a necessary condition of the possibility of knowledge, and the whole world exists only in and for knowledge, and without it is not even thinkable.
因为这样的眼睛是知识可能性的必要条件，整个世界只存在于知识中并为知识而存在，没有知识就无法想象。
The world is entirely idea, and as such demands the knowing subject as the supporter of its existence.
世界完全是观念，因此需要认知主体作为其存在的支持者。
This long course of time itself, filled with innumerable changes, through which matter rose from form to form till at last the first percipient creature appeared,—this whole time itself is only thinkable in the identity of a consciousness whose succession of ideas, whose form of knowing it is, and apart from which, it loses all meaning and is nothing at all.
这漫长的时间过程本身充满了无数的变化，物质从一种形式上升到另一种形式，直到最后第一个有感知力的生物出现，——这整个时间本身只能以意识的身份来思考，意识的连续的思想，其形式知道它的存在，除此之外，它就失去了所有意义，什么也不是。
Thus we see, on the one hand, the existence of the whole world necessarily dependent upon the first conscious being, however undeveloped it may be; on the other hand, this conscious being just as necessarily entirely dependent upon a long chain of causes and effects which have preceded it, and in which it itself appears as a small link.
因此，我们一方面看到，整个世界的存在必然依赖于第一意识存在，无论它多么不发达；另一方面，整个世界的存在必然依赖于第一意识存在，无论它多么不发达；另一方面，这种有意识的存在也必然完全依赖于它之前的一长串因果关系，而它本身在其中表现为一个小环节。
These two contradictory points of view, to each of which we are led with the same necessity, we might again call an _antinomy_ in our faculty of knowledge, and set it up as the counterpart of that which we found in the first extreme of natural science.
这两种相互矛盾的观点，我们都被同样的必然性所引导，我们可以再次将我们的知识能力中的“矛盾”称为“矛盾”，并将其设置为我们在自然科学的第一个极端中发现的观点的对应物。 。
The fourfold antinomy of Kant will be shown, in the criticism of his philosophy appended to this volume, to be a groundless delusion.
康德的四重二律背反将在本书所附的对其哲学的批评中被证明是毫无根据的错觉。
But the necessary contradiction which at last presents itself to us here, finds its solution in the fact that, to use Kant’s phraseology, time, space, and causality do not belong to the thing-in-itself, but only to its phenomena, of which they are the form; which in my language means this: The objective world, the world as idea, is not the only side of the world, but merely its outward side; and it has an entirely different side—the side of its inmost nature—its kernel—the thing-in-itself.
但是，最终在这里向我们呈现的必然矛盾，在以下事实中找到了解决方案：用康德的措辞来说，时间、空间和因果关系不属于自在之物，而仅属于其现象，即事物本身。它们是哪种形式；用我的语言来说，这意味着：客观世界，作为观念的世界，不是世界的唯一一面，而仅仅是其外在的一面；它还有完全不同的一面——它最本质的一面——它的核心——自在之物。
This we shall consider in the second book, calling it after the most immediate of its objective manifestations—will.
我们将在第二本书中考虑这一点，并用其最直接的客观表现——意志来称呼它。
But the world as idea, with which alone we are here concerned, only appears with the opening of the first eye.
但是，作为观念的世界，只有我们在这里所关心的，只有在第一只眼睛睁开时才会出现。
Without this medium of knowledge it cannot be, and therefore it was not before it.
如果没有这种知识媒介，它就不可能存在，因此它之前就不存在。
But without that eye, that is to say, outside of knowledge, there was also no before, no time.
但如果没有那只眼睛，也就是说，在知识之外，也就没有以前，没有时间。
Thus time has no beginning, but all beginning is in time.
因此，时间没有开始，但一切的开始都在时间之中。
Since, however, it is the most universal form of the knowable, in which all phenomena are united together through causality, time, with its infinity of past and future, is present in the beginning of knowledge.
然而，由于时间是可知事物最普遍的形式，所有现象都通过因果关系结合在一起，因此时间及其无限的过去和未来就存在于知识的开端。
The phenomenon which fills the first present must at once be known as causally bound up with and dependent upon a sequence of phenomena which stretches infinitely into the past, and this past itself is just as truly conditioned by this first present, as conversely the present is by the past.
充满第一个现在的现象必须立即被认为与无限延伸到过去的一系列现象有因果联系并依赖于这些现象，而这个过去本身也确实受到第一个现在的制约，反之，现在也是如此。由过去。
Accordingly the past out of which the first present arises, is, like it, dependent upon the knowing subject, without which it is nothing.
因此，第一个现在从中产生的过去，就像它一样，依赖于认识的主体，没有它，过去就什么都不是。
It necessarily happens, however, that this first present does not manifest itself as the first, that is, as having no past for its parent, but as being the beginning of time.
然而，必然发生的是，这个最初的现在并不表现为最初，即其父母没有过去，而是表现为时间的开始。
It manifests itself rather as the consequence of the past, according to the principle of existence in time.
根据时间存在的原则，它表现为过去的结果。
In the same way, the phenomena which fill this first present appear as the effects of earlier phenomena which filled the past, in accordance with the law of causality.
同样，根据因果律，最初的现在的现象表现为过去的早期现象的结果。
Those who like mythological interpretations may take the birth of Kronos (χρονος), the youngest of the Titans, as a symbol of the moment here referred to at which time appears, though, indeed it has no beginning; for with him, since he ate his father, the crude productions of heaven and earth cease, and the races of gods and men appear upon the scene.
那些喜欢神话解释的人可能会将泰坦中最年轻的克洛诺斯（χρονος）的诞生视为此处提到的时间出现时刻的象征，尽管它实际上没有开始；因为自从他吃了他的父亲之后，天地间的原始产物就停止了，诸神和人类的种族出现了。
 This explanation at which we have arrived by following the most consistent of the philosophical systems which start from the object, materialism, has brought out clearly the inseparable and reciprocal dependence of subject and object, and at the same time the inevitable antithesis between them.
我们遵循从客体出发的最一致的哲学体系唯物主义而得出的这一解释，清楚地表明了主体与客体不可分割、相互依赖的关系，同时也表明了它们之间不可避免的对立。
And this knowledge leads us to seek for the inner nature of the world, the thing-in-itself, not in either of the two elements of the idea, but in something quite distinct from it, and which is not encumbered with such a fundamental and insoluble antithesis.
这种知识引导我们寻找世界的内在本质，即物自体，不是在观念的两个要素中的任何一个中，而是在与它完全不同的东西中，并且不受如此基本的束缚。和不溶的对立。
 Opposed to the system we have explained, which starts from the object in order to derive the subject from it, is the system which starts from the subject and tries to derive the object from it.
与我们所解释的从客体出发并从中派生出主体的系统相反，是从主体出发并试图从中派生出客体的系统。
The first of these has been of frequent and common occurrence throughout the history of philosophy, but of the second we find only one example, and that a very recent one; the “philosophy of appearance” of J.
第一个例子在整个哲学史上经常发生，但第二个例子我们只找到一个例子，而且是最近的一个例子。 J.的“外观哲学”
G.
G。
Fichte.
费希特。
In this respect, therefore, it must be considered; little real worth or inner meaning as the doctrine itself had.
因此，在这方面必须考虑；该学说本身没有什么真正的价值或内在意义。
It was indeed for the most part merely a delusion, but it was delivered with an air of the deepest earnestness, with sustained loftiness of tone and zealous ardour, and was defended with eloquent polemic against weak opponents, so that it was able to present a brilliant exterior and seemed to be something.
诚然，这在很大程度上只是一种幻想，但它是以一种最诚挚的态度、以持续的崇高语气和狂热的热情来表达的，并以雄辩的论战来对付弱小的对手，因此它能够呈现出一种外表辉煌，似乎很了不起。
But the genuine earnestness which keeps truth always steadfastly before it as its goal, and is unaffected by any external influences, was entirely wanting to Fichte, as it is to all philosophers who, like him, concern themselves with questions of the day.
但是，费希特完全缺乏那种始终坚定地把真理作为目标、不受任何外部影响的真正的真诚，就像所有像他一样关心当今问题的哲学家一样。
In his case, indeed, it could not have been otherwise.
就他而言，确实不可能有其他的情况。
A man becomes a philosopher by reason of a certain perplexity, from which he seeks to free himself.
一个人由于某种困惑而成为哲学家，并试图摆脱这种困惑。
This is Plato’s θαυμαξειν, which he calls a μαλα φιλοσοφικον παθος.
这就是柏拉图的 θαυμαxiειν，他称之为 μαλα φιλοσοφικον παθος。
But what distinguishes the false philosopher from the true is this: the perplexity of the latter arises from the contemplation of the world itself, while that of the former results from some book, some system of philosophy which is before him.
但假哲学家与真哲学家的区别在于：后者的困惑源于对世界本身的沉思，而前者的困惑则源于他面前的某本书、某种哲学体系。
Now Fichte belongs to the class of the false philosophers.
现在费希特属于错误哲学家的一类。
He was made a philosopher by Kant’s doctrine of the thing-in-itself, and if it had not been for this he would probably have pursued entirely different ends, with far better results, for he certainly possessed remarkable rhetorical talent.
他因康德的物自体学说而成为一名哲学家，如果不是因为这一点，他可能会追求完全不同的目标，并取得更好的结果，因为他确实拥有非凡的修辞天赋。
If he had only penetrated somewhat deeply into the meaning of the book that made him a philosopher, “The Critique of Pure Reason,” he would have understood that its principal teaching about mind is this.
如果他稍微深入地了解了使他成为哲学家的那本书《纯粹理性批判》的含义，他就会明白这本书关于心灵的主要教义就是这样。
The principle of sufficient reason is not, as all scholastic philosophy maintains, a _veritas aeterna_—that is to say, it does not possess an unconditioned validity before, outside of, and above the world.
正如所有经院哲学所主张的那样，充足理由原则并不是永恒的真理——也就是说，它在世界之前、之外和之上并不具有无条件的有效性。
It is relative and conditioned, and valid only in the sphere of phenomena, and thus it may appear as the necessary nexus of space and time, or as the law of causality, or as the law of the ground of knowledge.
它是相对的、有条件的，并且只在现象领域有效，因此它可以表现为空间和时间的必然联系，或者表现为因果律，或者表现为知识基础的法则。
The inner nature of the world, the thing-in-itself can never be found by the guidance of this principle, for all that it leads to will be found to be dependent and relative and merely phenomenal, not the thing-in-itself.
在这一原则的指导下，永远无法找到世界的内在本质，即自在之物，因为它所导致的一切都将被发现是依赖的、相对的、仅仅是现象性的，而不是自在之物。
Further, it does not concern the subject, but is only the form of objects, which are therefore not things-in-themselves.
此外，它不涉及主体，而只是客体的形式，因此不是自在之物。
The subject must exist along with the object, and the object along with the subject, so that it is impossible that subject and object can stand to each other in a relation of reason and consequent.
主体必须与客体共存，客体也必须与主体共存，因此主体与客体不可能以理性和结果的关系相互站立。
But Fichte did not take up the smallest fragment of all this.
但费希特并没有提及这一切的最小片段。
All that interested him about the matter was that the system started from the subject.
他对此事感兴趣的只是这个系统是从主题出发的。
Now Kant had chosen this procedure in order to show the fallacy of the prevalent systems, which started from the object, and through which the object had come, to be regarded as a thing-in-itself.
现在康德选择这个程序是为了表明流行体系的谬误，这些体系从对象开始，并且通过该对象，对象被视为自在之物。
Fichte, however, took this departure from the subject for the really important matter, and like all imitators, he imagined that in going further than Kant he was surpassing him.
然而，费希特把这种偏离视为真正重要的事情，并且像所有模仿者一样，他想象自己比康德走得更远，从而超越了康德。
Thus he repeated the fallacy with regard to the subject, which all the previous dogmatism had perpetrated with regard to the object, and which had been the occasion of Kant’s “Critique”.
因此，他重复了关于主体的谬误，这是所有先前的教条主义对于客体犯下的错误，也是康德“批判”的根源。
Fichte then made no material change, and the fundamental fallacy, the assumption of a relation of reason and consequent between object and subject, remained after him as it was before him.
费希特当时并没有做出实质性的改变，而基本的谬误，即客体与主体之间存在理性关系和结果的假设，在他身后仍然存在，就像在他面前一样。
The principle of sufficient reason possessed as before an unconditioned validity, and the only difference was that the thing-in-itself was now placed in the subject instead of, as formerly, in the object.
充分理由原则仍然具有无条件的有效性，唯一的区别是自在之物现在被置于主体中，而不是像以前那样置于客体中。
The entire relativity of both subject and object, which proves that the thing-in-itself, or the inner nature of the world, is not to be sought in them at all, but outside of them, and outside everything else that exists merely relatively, still remained unknown.
主体和客体的整体相对性证明，自在之物或世界的内在本质根本不能在它们内部寻找，而应该在它们之外、在其他一切仅仅相对存在的事物之外寻找。 ，仍然未知。
Just as if Kant had never existed, the principle of sufficient reason is to Fichte precisely what it was to all the schoolmen, a _veritas aeterna_.
就像康德从未存在过一样，充分理由原则对费希特来说正是对所有经院学者来说的意义，即“永恒的真理”。
As an eternal fate reigned over the gods of old, so these _aeternæ veritates_, these metaphysical, mathematical and metalogical truths, and in the case of some, the validity of the moral law also, reigned over the God of the schoolmen.
正如永恒的命运统治着古老的诸神一样，这些永恒的真理，这些形而上学、数学和元逻辑的真理，以及对某些人来说，道德律的有效性，也统治着经院学者的上帝。
These _veritates_ alone were independent of everything, and through their necessity both God and the world existed.
仅这些真理就独立于一切事物，并且通过它们的必然性，上帝和世界都存在。
According to the principle of sufficient reason, as such a _veritas aeterna_, the _ego_ is for Fichte the ground of the world, or of the _non-ego_, the object, which is just its consequent, its creation.
根据充分理由的原则，作为这样一个永恒的真理，对费希特来说，自我是世界的基础，或者是非自我的客体，它只是它的结果，它的创造。
He has therefore taken good care to avoid examining further or limiting the principle of sufficient reason.
因此，他非常小心地避免进一步审查或限制充分理由原则。
If, however, it is thought I should specify the form of the principle of sufficient reason under the guidance of which Fichte derives the _non-ego_ from the _ego_, as a spider spins its web out of itself, I find that it is the principle of sufficient reason of existence in space: for it is only as referred to this that some kind of meaning and sense can be attached to the laboured deductions of the way in which the _ego_ produces and fabricates the _non-ego_ from itself, which form the content of the most senseless, and consequently the most wearisome book that was ever written.
然而，如果人们认为我应该具体说明充分理由原则的形式，在费希特的指导下，费希特从自我中推导出非自我，就像蜘蛛从自身中结出网一样，我发现它就是这个原则空间存在的充分理由：因为只有提到这一点，某种意义和意义才能被附加到自我从自身产生和制造非自我的方式的费力推论中，非自我形成了非自我。内容是有史以来最无意义的，因此也是最令人厌烦的书。
This philosophy of Fichte, otherwise not worth mentioning, is interesting to us only as the tardy expression of the converse of the old materialism.
费希特的这种哲学本来不值一提，但我们感兴趣的只是作为旧唯物主义相反观点的迟缓表达。
For materialism was the most consistent system starting from the object, as this is the most consistent system starting from the subject.
因为唯物主义是从客体出发的最一致的体系，正如这是从主体出发的最一致的体系一样。
Materialism overlooked the fact that, with the simplest object, it assumed the subject also; and Fichte overlooked the fact that with the subject (whatever he may call it) he assumed the object also, for no subject is thinkable without an object.
唯物主义忽视了这样一个事实：即使是最简单的客体，它也假定了主体。费希特忽视了这样一个事实：对于主体（无论他怎么称呼它），他也假定了客体，因为没有客体，任何主体都是不可想象的。
Besides this he forgot that all _a priori_ deduction, indeed all demonstration in general, must rest upon some necessity, and that all necessity is based on the principle of sufficient reason, because to be necessary, and to follow from given grounds are convertible conceptions.(10) But the principle of sufficient reason is just the universal form of the object as such.
除此之外，他忘记了所有先验的演绎，事实上所有一般的论证，都必须建立在某种必然性的基础上，而所有的必然性都建立在充足理由原则的基础上，因为必然性和从给定基础得出的结论都是可转换的概念。 (10) 但是充分理由原则正是对象本身的普遍形式。
Thus it is in the object, but is not valid before and outside of it; it first produces the object and makes it appear in conformity with its regulative principle.
因此它在对象之内，但在对象之前和之外无效；它首先产生物体并使其看起来符合其规范原则。
We see then that the system which starts from the subject contains the same fallacy as the system, explained above, which starts from the object; it begins by assuming what it proposes to deduce, the necessary correlative of its starting-point.
那么我们就会看到，从主体出发的系统与上面解释的从客体出发的系统存在同样的谬误。它首先假设要推论的内容，即其起点的必要关联。
 The method of our own system is _toto genere_ distinct from these two opposite misconceptions, for we start neither from the object nor from the subject, but from the _idea_, as the first fact of consciousness.
我们自己的系统的方法与这两种相反的误解完全不同，因为我们既不是从客体也不是从主体开始，而是从作为意识的第一个事实的“观念”开始。
Its first essential, fundamental form is the antithesis of subject and object.
它的第一个本质的、基本的形式是主体与客体的对立。
The form of the object again is the principle of sufficient reason in its various forms.
物体的形式又是其各种形式的充足理由原则。
Each of these reigns so absolutely in its own class of ideas that, as we have seen, when the special form of the principle of sufficient reason which governs any class of ideas is known, the nature of the whole class is known also: for the whole class, as idea, is no more than this form of the principle of sufficient reason itself; so that time itself is nothing but the principle of existence in it, _i.e._, succession; space is nothing but the principle of existence in it, _i.e._, position; matter is nothing but causality; the concept (as will appear immediately) is nothing but relation to a ground of knowledge.
这些思想中的每一个都在其自己的观念类别中如此绝对地占据统治地位，以至于正如我们所看到的，当支配任何类别观念的充足理由原则的特殊形式已知时，整个类别的性质也已知：整个阶级作为观念，只不过是充足理由原则本身的这种形式。因此，时间本身只不过是其中存在的原则，即连续性；空间只不过是其中存在的原则，即位置；物质不过是因果关系；这个概念（马上就会出现）只不过是与知识基础的关系。
This thorough and consistent relativity of the world as idea, both according to its universal form (subject and object), and according to the form which is subordinate to this (the principle of sufficient reason) warns us, as we said before, to seek the inner nature of the world in an aspect of it which is _quite different and quite distinct from the idea_; and in the next book we shall find this in a fact which is just as immediate to every living being as the idea.
世界作为观念的这种彻底和一致的相对性，无论是根据其普遍形式（主体和客体），还是根据从属于这种形式的形式（充足理由原则），都警告我们，正如我们之前所说，要寻求世界的内在本质在其方面与观念完全不同且截然不同；在下一本书中，我们将在一个事实中发现这一点，这个事实对于每个生物来说都像这个想法一样直接。
 But we must first consider that class of ideas which belongs to man alone.
但我们必须首先考虑那些只属于人类的观念。
The matter of these is the concept, and the subjective correlative is reason, just as the subjective correlative of the ideas we have already considered was understanding and sensibility, which are also to be attributed to all the lower animals.(11)  § 8.
其中的物质是概念，主观关联是理性，正如我们已经考虑过的观念的主观关联是理解和感性，这也属于所有低等动物。(11)§8。
As from the direct light of the sun to the borrowed light of the moon, we pass from the immediate idea of perception, which stands by itself and is its own warrant, to reflection, to the abstract, discursive concepts of the reason, which obtain their whole content from knowledge of perception, and in relation to it.
正如从太阳的直射光到借来的月光一样，我们从直接的知觉观念（它是独立存在的，是它自己的保证）过渡到反思，过渡到理性的抽象的、推论的概念，它获得了理性的概念。它们的全部内容来自感知知识以及与之相关的知识。
As long as we continue simply to perceive, all is clear, firm, and certain.
只要我们继续简单地感知，一切都是清晰、坚定和确定的。
There are neither questions nor doubts nor errors; we desire to go no further, can go no further; we find rest in perceiving, and satisfaction in the present.
不存在任何问题、疑问或错误；我们不想再走，也不能再走；我们在感知中找到休息，在当下找到满足。
Perception suffices for itself, and therefore what springs purely from it, and remains true to it, for example, a genuine work of art, can never be false, nor can it be discredited through the lapse of time, for it does not present an opinion but the thing itself.
知觉本身就足够了，因此，纯粹源于知觉并对其保持真实的东西，例如一件真正的艺术作品，永远不会是虚假的，也不会随着时间的推移而被怀疑，因为它并不呈现出一种真实的感觉。意见而是事物本身。
But with abstract knowledge, with reason, doubt and error appear in the theoretical, care and sorrow in the practical.
但有了抽象的知识，有了理性，理论中就会出现怀疑和错误，实践中就会出现忧虑和悲伤。
In the idea of perception, illusion may at moments take the place of the real; but in the sphere of abstract thought, error may reign for a thousand years, impose its yoke upon whole nations, extend to the noblest impulses of humanity, and, by the help of its slaves and its dupes, may chain and fetter those whom it cannot deceive.
在知觉的观念中，幻觉有时可能会取代真实。但在抽象思想领域，错误可能会统治一千年，将其枷锁强加给所有国家，延伸到人类最高尚的冲动，并在其奴隶和受骗者的帮助下，可能束缚和束缚那些被它所欺骗的人。不能欺骗。
It is the enemy against which the wisest men of all times have waged unequal war, and only what they have won from it has become the possession of mankind.
历代最有智慧的人都对这个敌人发动了不平等的战争，而只有他们从敌人中赢得的东西才成为人类的财产。
Therefore it is well to draw attention to it at once, as we already tread the ground to which its province belongs.
因此，最好立即引起人们的注意，因为我们已经踏上了它所属领域的土地。
It has often been said that we ought to follow truth even although no utility can be seen in it, because it may have indirect utility which may appear when it is least expected; and I would add to this, that we ought to be just as anxious to discover and to root out all error even when no harm is anticipated from it, because its mischief may be very indirect, and may suddenly appear when we do not expect it, for all error has poison at its heart.
人们常说，即使真理看不到任何效用，我们也应该遵循它，因为它可能具有间接的效用，这种效用可能会在最意想不到的时候出现。我还要补充一点，即使我们预计错误不会造成任何损害，我们也应该同样急于发现并根除所有错误，因为它的危害可能是非常间接的，并且可能会在我们没有预料到的时候突然出现。 ，因为所有错误的核心都是毒药。
If it is mind, if it is knowledge, that makes man the lord of creation, there can be no such thing as harmless error, still less venerable and holy error.
如果是心灵、如果是知识使人成为造物之主，那么就不可能有无害的错误，更不可能有令人尊敬和神圣的错误。
And for the consolation of those who in any way and at any time may have devoted strength and life to the noble and hard battle against error, I cannot refrain from adding that, so long as truth is absent, error will have free play, as owls and bats in the night; but sooner would we expect to see the owls and the bats drive back the sun in the eastern heavens, than that any truth which has once been known and distinctly and fully expressed, can ever again be so utterly vanquished and overcome that the old error shall once more reign undisturbed over its wide kingdom.
为了安慰那些在任何时候、以任何方式为反对错误的崇高而艰苦的斗争奉献力量和生命的人，我不能不补充一点，只要真理不存在，错误就会肆意发挥，因为夜里有猫头鹰和蝙蝠；但是，如果我们期望看到猫头鹰和蝙蝠将东方的太阳赶回东方天空，那么任何曾经为人所知并清楚而充分表达的真理都将再次被彻底征服和克服，以致旧的错误将被克服。再次不受干扰地统治其广阔的王国。
This is the power of truth; its conquest is slow and laborious, but if once the victory be gained it can never be wrested back again.
这就是真理的力量；征服它是缓慢而费力的，但一旦取得胜利，就再也无法夺回。
 Besides the ideas we have as yet considered, which, according to their construction, could be referred to time, space, and matter, if we consider them with reference to the object, or to pure sensibility and understanding (_i.e._, knowledge of causality), if we consider them with reference to the subject, another faculty of knowledge has appeared in man alone of all earthly creatures, an entirely new consciousness, which, with very appropriate and significant exactness, is called _reflection_.
除了我们尚未考虑过的观念之外，根据它们的构造，如果我们参考对象或纯粹的感性和理解（即，因果关系的知识），如果我们参考这个主题来考虑它们，另一种知识能力已经出现在地球上所有生物中的人类身上，一种全新的意识，非常恰当和重要的精确性，被称为“反思”。
For it is in fact derived from the knowledge of perception, and is a reflected appearance of it.
因为它实际上源自知觉知识，并且是知觉知识的反映。
But it has assumed a nature fundamentally different.
但它呈现出一种根本不同的性质。
The forms of perception do not affect it, and even the principle of sufficient reason which reigns over all objects has an entirely different aspect with regard to it.
知觉的形式并不影响它，甚至支配所有对象的充分理性原则也与它有完全不同的方面。
It is just this new, more highly endowed, consciousness, this abstract reflex of all that belongs to perception in that conception of the reason which has nothing to do with perception, that gives to man that thoughtfulness which distinguishes his consciousness so entirely from that of the lower animals, and through which his whole behaviour upon earth is so different from that of his irrational fellow-creatures.
正是这种新的、更高度赋予的意识，这种在与知觉无关的理性概念中属于知觉的一切的抽象反射，赋予了人思考性，使人的意识与其他人的意识完全区别开来。低等动物，因此他在地球上的整个行为与他的非理性同胞的行为是如此不同。
He far surpasses them in power and also in suffering.
他无论在力量上还是在痛苦上都远远超过他们。
They live in the present alone, he lives also in the future and the past.
他们独自生活在现在，他也生活在未来和过去。
They satisfy the needs of the moment, he provides by the most ingenious preparations for the future, yea for days that he shall never see.
它们满足了当下的需要，他为未来，是的，为他永远不会看到的日子做好了最巧妙的准备。
They are entirely dependent on the impression of the moment, on the effect of the perceptible motive; he is determined by abstract conceptions independent of the present.
它们完全取决于当时的印象，取决于可察觉的动机的效果。他是由独立于当下的抽象概念所决定的。
Therefore he follows predetermined plans, he acts from maxims, without reference to his surroundings or the accidental impression of the moment.
因此，他遵循预定的计划，按照格言行事，不考虑周围的环境或一时的偶然印象。
Thus, for example, he can make with composure deliberate preparations for his own death, he can dissemble past finding out, and can carry his secret with him to the grave; lastly, he has an actual choice between several motives; for only in the abstract can such motives, present together in consciousness, afford the knowledge with regard to themselves, that the one excludes the other, and can thus measure themselves against each other with reference to their power over the will.
因此，例如，他可以从容地为自己的死亡做好准备，他可以掩饰过去的发现，并可以将他的秘密带到坟墓；最后，他可以在几个动机之间做出实际的选择；因为只有在抽象中，这些动机一起出现在意识中，才能提供关于它们自己的知识，即一个排除另一个，从而可以根据它们对意志的力量来相互比较。
The motive that overcomes, in that it decides the question at issue, is the deliberate determinant of the will, and is a sure indication of its character.
胜出的动机，因为它决定了所讨论的问题，是意志的有意决定因素，并且是意志特征的明确指示。
The brute, on the other hand, is determined by the present impression; only the fear of present compulsion can constrain its desires, until at last this fear has become custom, and as such continues to determine it; this is called training.
另一方面，野兽是由当前的印象决定的。只有对当前强迫性的恐惧才能抑制其欲望，直到这种恐惧最终成为习惯，并继续决定它；这就是所谓的训练。
The brute feels and perceives; man, in addition to this, _thinks_ and _knows_: both _will_.
野蛮人感受并感知；伙计，除此之外，_思考_和_知道_：两者都_会_。
The brute expresses its feelings and dispositions by gestures and sounds; man communicates his thought to others, or, if he wishes, he conceals it, by means of speech.
野兽通过手势和声音来表达它的感情和性情。人通过言语向他人传达他的思想，或者，如果他愿意的话，他也可以隐藏它。
Speech is the first production, and also the necessary organ of his reason.
言语是人的第一产物，也是人理性的必要器官。
Therefore in Greek and Italian, speech and reason are expressed by the same word; ὁ λογος, _il discorso_.
因此，在希腊语和意大利语中，言语和理性是用同一个词表达的。 ὁ λογος，_il discorso_。
_Vernunft_ is derived from _vernehmen_, which is not a synonym for the verb to hear, but signifies the consciousness of the meaning of thoughts communicated in words.
_Vernunft_源自_vernehmen_，它不是动词“听”的同义词，而是表示对用语言传达的思想意义的意识。
It is by the help of language alone that reason accomplishes its most important achievements,—the united action of several individuals, the planned co-operation of many thousands, civilisation, the state; also science, the storing up of experience, the uniting of common properties in one concept, the communication of truth, the spread of error, thoughts and poems, dogmas and superstitions.
仅靠语言的帮助，理性就完成了它最重要的成就——几个人的联合行动、成千上万人的有计划的合作、文明、国家；还有科学，经验的积累，将共同属性统一在一个概念中，真理的传播，错误的传播，思想和诗歌，教条和迷信。
The brute first knows death when it dies, but man draws consciously nearer to it every hour that he lives; and this makes life at times a questionable good even to him who has not recognised this character of constant annihilation in the whole of life.
野兽在死亡时首先知道死亡，但人在活着的每一个小时都有意识地接近死亡。即使对于那些没有认识到整个生命中不断毁灭的特征的人来说，这有时也会使生命成为一种值得怀疑的善。
Principally on this account man has philosophies and religions, though it is uncertain whether the qualities we admire most in his conduct, voluntary rectitude and nobility of feeling, were ever the fruit of either of them.
主要是由于这个原因，人类才有了哲学和宗教，尽管我们不确定我们最钦佩的人的行为品质，即自愿的正直和高尚的情感，是否曾经是其中任何一个的果实。
As results which certainly belong only to them, and as productions of reason in this sphere, we may refer to the marvellous and monstrous opinions of philosophers of various schools, and the extraordinary and sometimes cruel customs of the priests of different religions.
作为当然只属于他们的结果，作为这个领域的理性产物，我们可以参考不同流派哲学家的奇妙而怪异的观点，以及不同宗教牧师的非凡且有时残酷的习俗。
 It is the universal opinion of all times and of all nations that these manifold and far-reaching achievements spring from a common principle, from that peculiar intellectual power which belongs distinctively to man and which has been called reason, ὁ λογος, το λογιστικον, το λογιμον, _ratio_.
所有时代、所有国家的普遍观点是，这些多方面、影响深远的成就源于一个共同的原则，源于独特的智力，这种智力独特地属于人类，被称为理性，ὁ λογος, το λογιστικον, το λογιμον，_比率_。
Besides this, no one finds any difficulty in recognising the manifestations of this faculty, and in saying what is rational and what is irrational, where reason appears as distinguished from the other faculties and qualities of man, or lastly, in pointing out what, on account of the want of reason, we must never expect even from the most sensible brute.
除此之外，没有人会发现认识到这种能力的表现，并说出什么是理性的，什么是非理性的，其中理性似乎与人的其他能力和品质不同，或者最后指出什么是理性的，什么是非理性的，没有人会发现任何困难。由于缺乏理性，我们决不能指望即使是最明智的野蛮人。
The philosophers of all ages may be said to be on the whole at one about this general knowledge of reason, and they have also given prominence to several very important manifestations of it; such as, the control of the emotions and passions, the capacity for drawing conclusions and formulating general principles, even such as are true prior to all experience, and so forth.
可以说，历代哲学家对于理性的普遍知识总体上是一致的，而且他们还突出了它的几个非常重要的表现形式。例如，对情绪和激情的控制，得出结论和制定一般原则的能力，甚至是先于所有经验的结论和制定一般原则的能力，等等。
Still all their explanations of the peculiar nature of reason are wavering, not clearly defined, discursive, without unity and concentration; now laying stress on one manifestation, now on another, and therefore often at variance with each other.
然而，他们对理性特殊本质的所有解释都是摇摆不定的，没有明确的定义，散漫的，没有统一和集中的；时而强调一种表现，时而强调另一种表现，因此彼此常常不一致。
Besides this, many start from the opposition between reason and revelation, a distinction which is unknown to philosophy, and which only increases confusion.
除此之外，许多人从理性和启示之间的对立出发，这种区别对于哲学来说是未知的，而且只会增加混乱。
It is very remarkable that up till now no philosopher has referred these manifold expressions of reason to one simple function which would be recognised in them all, from which they would all be explained, and which would therefore constitute the real inner nature of reason.
非常值得注意的是，到目前为止，还没有哲学家将理性的这些多种表达方式归结为一种简单的功能，这种功能可以在所有这些表达中得到认可，可以从这个功能中得到解释，从而构成理性的真正内在本质。
It is true that the excellent Locke in the “Essay on the Human Understanding” (Book II., ch.
确实，洛克在《人类理解论》（第二册，第一章）中写得非常出色。
xi., §§ 10 and 11), very rightly refers to general concepts as the characteristic which distinguishes man from the brutes, and Leibnitz quotes this with full approval in the “Nouveaux Essais sur l’Entendement Humaine” (Book II., ch.
xi.，§§ 10 和 11），非常正确地将一般概念称为区分人与畜生的特征，莱布尼茨在“Nouveaux Essais sur l'Entendement Humaine”（第二卷，第 11 章）中完全赞同地引用了这一点。 。
xi., §§ 10 and 11.) But when Locke (in Book IV., ch.
xi.，§§ 10 和 11.）但是当洛克（在第四册，第 11 章）时
xvii., §§ 2 and 3) comes to the special explanation of reason he entirely loses sight of this simple, primary characteristic, and he also falls into a wavering, undetermined, incomplete account of mangled and derivative manifestations of it.
xvii., §§ 2 和 3) 谈到对理性的特殊解释时，他完全忽视了这个简单的、主要的特征，并且他还陷入了对它的损坏和派生表现的摇摆不定、不确定、不完整的解释。
Leibnitz also, in the corresponding part of his work, behaves in a similar manner, only with more confusion and indistinctness.
莱布尼茨在其著作的相应部分中也有类似的行为，只是更加混乱和模糊。
In the Appendix, I have fully considered how Kant confused and falsified the conception of the nature of reason.
在附录中，我充分思考了康德是如何混淆和证伪理性本质概念的。
But whoever will take the trouble to go through in this reference the mass of philosophical writing which has appeared since Kant, will find out, that just as the faults of princes must be expiated by whole nations, the errors of great minds extend their influence over whole generations, and even over centuries; they grow and propagate themselves, and finally degenerate into monstrosities.
但是，无论是谁，只要不厌其烦地阅读自康德以来出现的大量哲学著作，就会发现，正如君主的过错必须由整个国家来弥补一样，伟大思想家的错误也将其影响扩展到整个国家。几代人，甚至几个世纪；它们自我生长、繁殖，最后退化成怪物。
All this arises from the fact that, as Berkeley says, “Few men think; yet all will have opinions.”  The understanding has only one function—immediate knowledge of the relation of cause and effect.
所有这一切都源于这样一个事实，正如伯克利所说：“很少有人思考；很少有人思考；很少有人思考。”但所有人都会有意见。”理解力只有一个功能——对因果关系的直接认识。
Yet the perception of the real world, and all common sense, sagacity, and inventiveness, however multifarious their applications may be, are quite clearly seen to be nothing more than manifestations of that one function.
然而，对现实世界的感知，以及所有常识、智慧和创造力，无论它们的应用有多么多种多样，都被清楚地视为只不过是这一功能的表现。
So also the reason has one function; and from it all the manifestations of reason we have mentioned, which distinguish the life of man from that of the brutes, may easily be explained.
因此，理性也有一个作用：从它出发，我们所提到的所有理性的表现，即人类生活与畜生生活的区别，都可以很容易地得到解释。
The application or the non-application of this function is all that is meant by what men have everywhere and always called rational and irrational.(12)  § 9.
应用或不应用这一功能就是人们在任何地方、总是所谓的理性和非理性的全部含义。(12) § 9.
Concepts form a distinct class of ideas, existing only in the mind of man, and entirely different from the ideas of perception which we have considered up till now.
概念形成了一类独特的观念，只存在于人的头脑中，与我们迄今为止所考虑的知觉观念完全不同。
We can therefore never attain to a sensuous and, properly speaking, evident knowledge of their nature, but only to a knowledge which is abstract and discursive.
因此，我们永远无法获得关于它们本质的感性的、确切地说是明显的知识，而只能获得抽象的、推论性的知识。
It would, therefore, be absurd to demand that they should be verified in experience, if by experience is meant the real external world, which consists of ideas of perception, or that they should be brought before the eyes or the imagination like objects of perception.
因此，如果经验指的是由感知观念组成的真实的外部世界，或者要求它们像感知对象一样呈现在眼前或想象中，那么要求它们应该在经验中得到验证是荒谬的。 。
They can only be thought, not perceived, and only the effects which men accomplish through them are properly objects of experience.
它们只能被思考，不能被感知，而且只有人们通过它们实现的效果才是真正的经验对象。
Such effects are language, preconceived and planned action and science, and all that results from these.
这些影响是语言、先入为主和有计划的行动和科学，以及由此产生的所有结果。
Speech, as an object of outer experience, is obviously nothing more than a very complete telegraph, which communicates arbitrary signs with the greatest rapidity and the finest distinctions of difference.
言语作为外部经验的对象，显然只不过是一部非常完整的电报，它以最快的速度和最细微的差异来传达任意的符号。
But what do these signs mean? How are they interpreted? When some one speaks, do we at once translate his words into pictures of the fancy, which instantaneously flash upon us, arrange and link themselves together, and assume form and colour according to the words that are poured forth, and their grammatical inflections? What a tumult there would be in our brains while we listened to a speech, or to the reading of a book? But what actually happens is not this at all.
但这些标志意味着什么？它们是如何解释的？当某人说话时，我们是否立即将他的话翻译成想象中的图片，这些图片立即闪现到我们身上，将它们自己排列和连接在一起，并根据倾诉的单词及其语法变化呈现形式和颜色？当我们听演讲或读一本书时，我们的大脑会产生怎样的骚动？但实际发生的情况根本不是这样。
The meaning of a speech is, as a rule, immediately grasped, accurately and distinctly taken in, without the imagination being brought into play.
一般来说，演讲的意思是可以立即领会、准确、清晰地领会的，无需发挥想象力。
It is reason which speaks to reason, keeping within its own province.
这是理性对理性说话，保持在自己的范围内。
It communicates and receives abstract conceptions, ideas that cannot be presented in perceptions, which are framed once for all, and are relatively few in number, but which yet encompass, contain, and represent all the innumerable objects of the actual world.
它传达和接收抽象概念、无法在感知中呈现的想法，这些概念是一次性形成的，数量相对较少，但仍然包含、包含和代表现实世界的所有无数对象。
This itself is sufficient to prove that the lower animals can never learn to speak or comprehend, although they have the organs of speech and ideas of perception in common with us.
这本身就足以证明低等动物永远无法学会说话或理解，尽管它们具有与我们相同的言语器官和感知观念。
But because words represent this perfectly distinct class of ideas, whose subjective correlative is reason, they are without sense and meaning for the brutes.
但由于词语代表了这一类完全不同的观念，其主观对应物是理性，因此对于畜生来说，它们没有任何意义和意义。
Thus language, like every other manifestation which we ascribe to reason, and like everything which distinguishes man from the brutes, is to be explained from this as its one simple source—conceptions, abstract ideas which cannot be presented in perception, but are general, and have no individual existence in space and time.
因此，语言，就像我们归因于理性的所有其他表现形式一样，也像所有区分人与野兽的东西一样，都可以从这里解释为它的一个简单来源——概念，抽象观念，它们不能在感知中呈现，而是普遍的，并且在空间和时间上没有个体存在。
Only in single cases do we pass from the conception to the perception, do we construct images as _representatives of concepts_ in perception, to which, however, they are never adequate.
只有在个别情况下，我们才会从概念过渡到感知，我们才会将图像构建为感知中的“概念代表”，然而，它们永远不足以实现这一点。
These cases are fully discussed in the essay on the principle of sufficient reason, § 28, and therefore I shall not repeat my explanation here.
这些案例在本文第28条充足理由原则中得到了充分讨论，因此我在此不再重复我的解释。
It may be compared, however, with what is said by Hume in the twelfth of his “Philosophical Essays,” p.
然而，这可以与休谟在其《哲学论文》第十二卷中所说的话进行比较。
244, and by Herder in the “Metacritik,” pt.
244，赫尔德在“Metacritik”中，pt。
i.
我。
p.
p。
274 (an otherwise worthless book).
274（一本否则毫无价值的书）。
The Platonic idea, the possibility of which depends upon the union of imagination and reason, is the principal subject of the third book of this work.
柏拉图思想的可能性取决于想象力和理性的结合，这是本书第三本书的主要主题。
 Although concepts are fundamentally different from ideas of perception, they stand in a necessary relation to them, without which they would be nothing.
虽然概念与知觉观念有着根本的不同，但它们与知觉观念有着必然的联系，没有这种联系，概念就什么都不是。
This relation therefore constitutes the whole nature and existence of concepts.
因此，这种关系构成了概念的全部本质和存在。
Reflection is the necessary copy or repetition of the originally presented world of perception, but it is a special kind of copy in an entirely different material.
反思是对最初呈现的感知世界的必要复制或重复，但它是一种完全不同材料的特殊复制。
Thus concepts may quite properly be called ideas of ideas.
因此，概念可以非常恰当地称为观念的观念。
The principle of sufficient reason has here also a special form.
充分理由原则在这里也有一种特殊的形式。
Now we have seen that the form under which the principle of sufficient reason appears in a class of ideas always constitutes and exhausts the whole nature of the class, so far as it consists of ideas, so that time is throughout succession, and nothing more; space is throughout position, and nothing more; matter is throughout causation, and nothing more.
现在我们已经看到，充足理由原则在一类观念中出现的形式总是构成并穷尽了该类的全部性质，只要它是由观念组成的，因此，时间是贯穿于连续性的，仅此而已。空间就是整个位置，仅此而已；物质就是因果关系，仅此而已。
In the same way the whole nature of concepts, or the class of abstract ideas, consists simply in the relation which the principle of sufficient reason expresses in them; and as this is the relation to the ground of knowledge, the whole nature of the abstract idea is simply and solely its relation to another idea, which is its ground of knowledge.
同样，概念的全部本质，或者抽象观念的类别，仅仅存在于充足理由原则在它们中所表达的关系中。由于这是与知识基础的关系，抽象观念的全部本质就是它与另一个观念的关系，而另一个观念是它的知识基础。
This, indeed, may, in the first instance, be a concept, an abstract idea, and this again may have only a similar abstract ground of knowledge; but the chain of grounds of knowledge does not extend _ad infinitum_; it must end at last in a concept which has its ground in knowledge of perception; for the whole world of reflection rests on the world of perception as its ground of knowledge.
事实上，首先，这可能是一个概念，一个抽象的想法，而这又可能只有一个类似的抽象知识基础；但知识基础的链条不会无限延伸；它最终必须以一个以知觉知识为基础的概念而结束。因为整个反思世界都依赖于知觉世界作为其知识基础。
Hence the class of abstract ideas is in this respect distinguished from other classes; in the latter the principle of sufficient reason always demands merely a relation to another idea of the _same_ class, but in the case of abstract ideas, it at last demands a relation to an idea of _another_ class.
因此，抽象概念类别在这方面与其他类别有所区别。在后者中，充足理由原则总是只要求与同一类别的另一个想法建立联系，但在抽象想法的情况下，它最终要求与另一个类别的想法建立联系。
 Those concepts which, as has just been pointed out, are not immediately related to the world of perception, but only through the medium of one, or it may be several other concepts, have been called by preference _abstracta_, and those which have their ground immediately in the world of perception have been called _concreta_.
正如刚才所指出的，那些与知觉世界没有直接关系，而只是通过一个概念或可能是几个其他概念作为媒介的概念，优先被称为“抽象”，而那些有其根据的概念立即在感知世界中被称为_concreta_。
But this last name is only loosely applicable to the concepts denoted by it, for they are always merely _abstracta_, and not ideas of perception.
但这个姓氏只能松散地适用于它所表示的概念，因为它们始终只是_抽象_，而不是感知的想法。
These names, which have originated in a very dim consciousness of the distinctions they imply, may yet, with this explanation, be retained.
这些名称起源于对它们所暗示的区别的非常模糊的意识，但通过这种解释，可能仍会被保留。
As examples of the first kind of concepts, _i.e._, _abstracta_ in the fullest sense, we may take “relation,” “virtue,” “investigation,” “beginning,” and so on.
作为第一类概念的例子，即最完整意义上的抽象，我们可以采用“关系”、“德性”、“考察”、“开始”等等。
As examples of the second kind, loosely called _concreta_, we may take such concepts as “man,” “stone,” “horse,” &c.
作为第二类的例子，松散地称为“具体”，我们可以采用“人”、“石头”、“马”等概念。
If it were not a somewhat too pictorial and therefore absurd simile, we might very appropriately call the latter the ground floor, and the former the upper stories of the building of reflection.(13)  It is not, as is commonly supposed, an essential characteristic of a concept that it should contain much under it, that is to say, that many ideas of perception, or it may be other abstract ideas, should stand to it in the relation of its ground of knowledge, _i.e._, be thought through it.
如果这不是一个有点太形象化因而荒谬的明喻，我们可以非常恰当地称后者为底层，而前者为反思大厦的上层。（13）它并不像人们通常认为的那样，是一个本质的东西。一个概念的特征是它应该包含很多内容，也就是说，许多感知观念，或者可能是其他抽象观念，应该在其知识基础的关系中与其相关，即，仔细考虑一下。
This is merely a derived and secondary characteristic, and, as a matter of fact, does not always exist, though it must always exist potentially.
这只是一个派生的次要特征，事实上，它并不总是存在，尽管它必定总是潜在地存在。
This characteristic arises from the fact that a concept is an idea of an idea, _i.e._, its whole nature consists in its relation to another idea; but as it is not this idea itself, which is generally an idea of perception and therefore belongs to quite a different class, the latter may have temporal, spacial, and other determinations, and in general many relations which are not thought along with it in the concept.
这一特征源于这样一个事实：一个概念是一个观念的观念，也就是说，它的全部本质在于它与另一个观念的关系；但由于它不是这个观念本身，它通常是一种知觉观念，因此属于一个完全不同的类别，因此后者可能具有时间、空间和其他决定因素，并且一般来说有许多关系，这些关系在这个概念。
Thus we see that several ideas which are different in unessential particulars may be thought by means of one concept, _i.e._, may be brought under it.
因此，我们看到，在非本质细节上不同的几种想法可以通过一个概念来思考，也就是说，可以将其置于该概念之下。
Yet this power of embracing several things is not an essential but merely an accidental characteristic of the concept.
然而，这种包容多种事物的力量并不是这个概念的本质特征，而只是一个偶然的特征。
There may be concepts through which only one real object is thought, but which are nevertheless abstract and general, by no means capable of presentation individually and as perceptions.
可能存在一些概念，通过这些概念只能思考一个真实的对象，但这些概念仍然是抽象的和笼统的，决不能单独地或作为感知来呈现。
Such, for example, is the conception which any one may have of a particular town which he only knows from geography; although only this one town is thought under it, it might yet be applied to several towns differing in certain respects.
例如，任何人都可能对某个特定的城镇有这样的概念，而他仅从地理上了解到这个城镇。虽然它只考虑了这一城镇，但它可能适用于在某些方面有所不同的几个城镇。
We see then that a concept is not general because of being abstracted from several objects; but conversely, because generality, that is to say, non-determination of the particular, belongs to the concept as an abstract idea of the reason, different things can be thought by means of the same one.
由此我们可以看出，一个概念并不具有普遍性，因为它是从多个对象中抽象出来的。但反过来说，由于普遍性，即特殊性的非决定性，属于作为理性抽象观念的概念，所以可以用同一事物来思考不同的事物。
 It follows from what has been said that every concept, just because it is abstract and incapable of presentation in perception, and is therefore not a completely determined idea, has what is called extension or sphere, even in the case in which only one real object exists that corresponds to it.
由上述可知，每一个概念，正因为它是抽象的，无法在感知中呈现，因此不是一个完全确定的观念，所以具有所谓的广延或范围，即使在只有一个真实物体的情况下也是如此。存在与之相对应的。
Now we always find that the sphere of one concept has something in common with the sphere of other concepts.
现在我们总是发现一个概念的范围与其他概念的范围有一些共同点。
That is to say, part of what is thought under one concept is the same as what is thought under other concepts; and conversely, part of what is thought under these concepts is the same as what is thought under the first; although, if they are really different concepts, each of them, or at least one of them, contains something which the other does not contain; this is the relation in which every subject stands to its predicate.
也就是说，一个概念下的思想部分与其他概念下的思想部分是相同的；相反，在这些概念下所思考的部分内容与在第一个概念下所思考的内容是相同的；尽管，如果它们确实是不同的概念，那么它们中的每一个或至少其中一个都包含另一个概念所不包含的东西；这就是每个主语与其谓语的关系。
The recognition of this relation is called judgment.
对这种关系的认识称为判断。
The representation of these spheres by means of figures in space, is an exceedingly happy idea.
通过空间中的图形来表示这些球体，是一个非常愉快的想法。
It first occurred to Gottfried Plouquet, who used squares for the purpose.
Gottfried Plouquet 首先想到了这一点，他使用正方形来实现这一目的。
Lambert, although later than him, used only lines, which he placed under each other.
兰伯特虽然比他晚，但只使用线条，并将线条置于彼此之下。
Euler carried out the idea completely with circles.
欧拉完全用圆来实现了这个想法。
Upon what this complete analogy between the relations of concepts, and those of figures in space, ultimately rests, I am unable to say.
我无法说出概念关系与空间图形关系之间的这种完全类比最终取决于什么。
It is, however, a very fortunate circumstance for logic that all the relations of concepts, according to their possibility, _i.e._, _a priori_, may be made plain in perception by the use of such figures, in the following way:—  (1.) The spheres of two concepts coincide: for example the concept of necessity and the concept of following from given grounds, in the same way the concepts of _Ruminantia_ and _Bisulca_ (ruminating and cloven-hoofed animals), also those of vertebrate and red-blooded animals (although there might be some doubt about this on account of the annelida): they are convertible concepts.
然而，对于逻辑来说，这是一个非常幸运的情况，所有概念的关系，根据它们的可能性，即，先验，可以通过使用这些图形以如下方式在感知中变得清晰： — (1.) 两个概念的领域是重合的：例如，必然性概念和从给定理由出发的概念，同样，反刍动物和偶蹄动物的概念，还有脊椎动物的概念和红血动物（尽管由于环节动物可能对此存在一些疑问）：它们是可转换的概念。
Such concepts are represented by a single circle which stands for either of them.
这些概念由代表其中任何一个的单个圆圈表示。
 (2.) The sphere of one concept includes that of the other.
 (2.) 一个概念的范围包括另一个概念的范围。
"         [Illustration: Category ""horse"" within category ""animal"".]  (3.) A sphere includes two or more spheres which exclude each other and fill it."
 [说明：“动物”类别中的“马”类别。] (3.) 球体包括两个或多个相互排斥并填充它的球体。
" [Illustration: Circle divided into thirds ""right"", ""acute"", and ""obtuse"".]  (4.) Two spheres include each a part of the other."
[插图：将圆分为三等分“直”、“锐”和“钝”。] (4.) 两个球体互相包含对方的一部分。
"    [Illustration: Two overlapping circles, one ""flower"" and one ""red"".]  (5.) Two spheres lie in a third, but do not fill it."
 [插图：两个重叠的圆圈，一个“花”，一个“红”。] (5.) 两个球体位于第三个球体中，但不填充它。
"    [Illustration: A large circle, ""matter"", within which are two other                       circles, ""water"" and ""earth"".]  This last case applies to all concepts whose spheres have nothing immediately in common, for there is always a third sphere, often a much wider one, which includes both."
 [插图：一个大圆圈，“物质”，其中还有另外两个圆圈，“水”和“地球”。]最后一种情况适用于所有其领域没有直接共同点的概念，因为总是存在第三个领域，通常是一个更广泛的范围，包括两者。
 To these cases all combinations of concepts may be referred, and from them the entire doctrine of the judgment, its conversion, contraposition, equipollence, disjunction (this according to the third figure) may be deduced.
所有概念的组合都可以参考这些案例，并可以从它们中推导出整个判断学说、其转换、对立、等价、析取（根据第三个图）。
From these also may be derived the properties of the judgment, upon which Kant based his pretended categories of the understanding, with the exception however of the hypothetical form, which is not a combination of concepts, but of judgments.
从这些也可以导出判断的属性，康德将他假装的知性范畴建立在判断的属性之上，但假设形式除外，它不是概念的组合，而是判断的组合。
A full account is given in the Appendix of “Modality,” and indeed of every property of judgments on which the categories are founded.
“情态”的附录中给出了完整的说明，实际上还给出了类别所依据的判断的每个属性。
 With regard to the possible combinations of concepts which we have given, it has only further to be remarked that they may also be combined with each other in many ways.
关于我们给出的概念的可能组合，只需进一步说明它们也可以以多种方式彼此组合。
For example, the fourth figure with the second.
例如，第四个数字与第二个数字。
Only if one sphere, which partly or wholly contains another, is itself contained in a third sphere, do these together exemplify the syllogism in the first figure, _i.e._, that combination of judgments, by means of which it is known that a concept which is partly or wholly contained in another concept, is also contained in a third concept, which again contains the first: and also, conversely, the negation; the pictorial representation of which can, of course, only be two connected spheres which do not lie within a third sphere.
只有当一个领域部分或全部包含另一个领域，并且它本身包含在第三个领域中时，它们才一起例证了第一个图形中的三段论，即判断的组合，通过它可以知道：一个概念部分或全部包含在另一个概念中，也包含在第三个概念中，第三个概念又包含第一个概念：反之，也包含否定；当然，其图形表示只能是不位于第三个球体内的两个相连的球体。
If many spheres are brought together in this way we get a long train of syllogisms.
如果许多领域以这种方式聚集在一起，我们就会得到一长串三段论。
This schematism of concepts, which has already been fairly well explained in more than one textbook, may be used as the foundation of the doctrine of the judgment, and indeed of the whole syllogistic theory, and in this way the treatment of both becomes very easy and simple.
这种概念图式已经在不止一本教科书中得到了相当好的解释，可以用作判断学说的基础，甚至整个三段论理论的基础，这样，处理两者就变得非常容易而且简单。
Because, through it, all syllogistic rules may be seen in their origin, and may be deduced and explained.
因为，通过它，一切三段论规则都可以看到其起源，并可以被推论和解释。
It is not necessary, however, to load the memory with these rules, as logic is never of practical use, but has only a theoretical interest for philosophy.
然而，没有必要在记忆中加载这些规则，因为逻辑从来没有实际用途，而仅对哲学有理论兴趣。
For although it may be said that logic is related to rational thinking as thorough-bass is to music, or less exactly, as ethics is to virtue, or æsthetics to art; we must yet remember that no one ever became an artist by the study of æsthetics; that a noble character was never formed by the study of ethics; that long before Rameau, men composed correctly and beautifully, and that we do not need to know thorough-bass in order to detect discords: and just as little do we need to know logic in order to avoid being misled by fallacies.
因为尽管可以说逻辑与理性思维的关系就像低音与音乐的关系一样，或者不那么准确地说，就像伦理学与美德的关系，或者美学与艺术的关系一样；我们还必须记住，没有人通过学习美学而成为一名艺术家。崇高的品格从来不是通过道德的学习而形成的；早在拉莫之前，人们就已经正确而优美地作曲了，我们不需要了解彻底的低音来发现不和谐：同样我们不需要了解逻辑来避免被谬误误导。
Yet it must be conceded that thorough-bass is of the greatest use in the practice of musical composition, although it may not be necessary for the understanding of it; and indeed æsthetics and even ethics, though in a much less degree, and for the most part negatively, may be of some use in practice, so that we cannot deny them all practical worth, but of logic even this much cannot be conceded.
然而，必须承认，彻底的低音在音乐创作的实践中具有最大的用途，尽管它对于理解它可能不是必需的。事实上，美学甚至伦理学，虽然程度要小得多，而且大部分是消极的，但在实践中可能有一定的用处，因此我们不能否认它们所有的实际价值，但就逻辑而言，甚至这一点也不能被承认。
It is nothing more than the knowledge in the abstract of what every one knows in the concrete.
它只不过是每个人都知道的具体知识的抽象知识。
Therefore we call in the aid of logical rules, just as little to enable us to construct a correct argument as to prevent us from consenting to a false one, and the most learned logician lays aside the rules of logic altogether in his actual thought.
因此，我们求助于逻辑规则，这既有助于我们构建正确的论证，也能防止我们同意错误的论证，而最有学识的逻辑学家在他的实际思想中完全抛弃了逻辑规则。
This may be explained in the following way.
这可以用以下方式解释。
Every science is a system of general and therefore abstract truths, laws, and rules with reference to a special class of objects.
每门科学都是一个由普遍的、因此抽象的真理、定律和规则组成的系统，涉及一类特殊的对象。
The individual case coming under these laws is determined in accordance with this general knowledge, which is valid once for all; because such application of the general principle is far easier than the exhaustive investigation of the particular case; for the general abstract knowledge which has once been obtained is always more within our reach than the empirical investigation of the particular case.
这些法律所涉及的个案是根据一般知识确定的，该一般知识一劳永逸；因为一般原则的应用比对具体案件的详尽调查要容易得多；因为一旦获得的一般抽象知识总是比对具体情况的实证研究更容易得到。
With logic, however, it is just the other way.
然而，从逻辑上看，情况恰恰相反。
It is the general knowledge of the mode of procedure of the reason expressed in the form of rules.
它是以规则形式表达的理性程序方式的一般知识。
It is reached by the introspection of reason, and by abstraction from all content.
它是通过理性的内省和对所有内容的抽象来实现的。
But this mode of procedure is necessary and essential to reason, so that it will never depart from it if left to itself.
但这种程序模式对于理性来说是必要的和必要的，因此，如果任其发展，它永远不会偏离它。
It is, therefore, easier and surer to let it proceed itself according to its nature in each particular case, than to present to it the knowledge abstracted from this procedure in the form of a foreign and externally given law.
因此，让程序在每个特定情况下根据其性质自行进行，比以外来的、外部给定的法律的形式向其提供从该程序中抽象出来的知识更容易、更可靠。
It is easier, because, while in the case of all other sciences, the general rule is more within our reach than the investigation of the particular case taken by itself; with the use of reason, on the contrary, its necessary procedure in a given case is always more within our reach than the general rule abstracted from it; for that which thinks in us is reason itself.
这更容易，因为就所有其他科学而言，一般规则比对特定案例本身的研究更容易掌握。相反，通过使用理性，在特定情况下的必要程序总是比从中抽象出的一般规则更容易为我们所掌握。因为我们内心思考的就是理性本身。
It is surer, because a mistake may more easily occur in such abstract knowledge, or in its application, than that a process of reason should take place which would run contrary to its essence and nature.
这是更确定的，因为在这种抽象知识或其应用中，比发生违背其本质和性质的理性过程更容易发生错误。
Hence arises the remarkable fact, that while in other sciences the particular case is always proved by the rule, in logic, on the contrary, the rule must always be proved from the particular case; and even the most practised logician, if he remark that in some particular case he concludes otherwise than the rule prescribes, will always expect to find a mistake in the rule rather than in his own conclusion.
因此出现了一个值得注意的事实，即在其他科学中，特定情况总是由规则来证明，而在逻辑中，相反，规则必须总是由特定情况来证明。即使是最有经验的逻辑学家，如果他指出在某些特定情况下他得出的结论与规则规定的不同，他也总是期望在规则中而不是在他自己的结论中发现错误。
To desire to make practical use of logic means, therefore, to desire to derive with unspeakable trouble, from general rules, that which is immediately known with the greatest certainty in the particular case.
因此，渴望实际运用逻辑意味着渴望以难以言表的麻烦从一般规则中推导出在特定情况下可以立即以最大确定性得知的东西。
It is just as if a man were to consult mechanics as to the motion of his body, and physiology as to his digestion; and whoever has learnt logic for practical purposes is like him who would teach a beaver to make its own dam.
这就好像一个人要向机械学了解他的身体运动，向生理学了解他的消化一样。任何为了实际目的而学习逻辑的人就像会教海狸建造自己的水坝的人一样。
Logic is, therefore, without practical utility; but it must nevertheless be retained, because it has philosophical interest as the special knowledge of the organisation and action of reason.
因此，逻辑没有实际用途。但它仍然必须保留，因为它作为理性组织和行动的特殊知识具有哲学意义。
It is rightly regarded as a definite, self-subsisting, self-contained, complete, and thoroughly safe discipline; to be treated scientifically for itself alone and independently of everything else, and therefore to be studied at the universities.
它被正确地视为一门明确的、自存的、独立的、完整的、彻底安全的学科；单独并独立于其他一切而受到科学对待，因此可以在大学学习。
But it has its real value, in relation to philosophy as a whole, in the inquiry into the nature of knowledge, and indeed of rational and abstract knowledge.
但就整个哲学而言，它有其真正的价值，在于探究知识的本质，实际上是理性和抽象知识的本质。
Therefore the exposition of logic should not have so much the form of a practical science, should not contain merely naked arbitrary rules for the correct formation of the judgment, the syllogism, &c., but should rather be directed to the knowledge of the nature of reason and the concept, and to the detailed investigation of the principle of sufficient reason of knowing.
因此，逻辑的阐述不应该有太多实用科学的形式，也不应该仅仅包含正确形成判断、三段论等的赤裸裸的武断规则，而应该针对逻辑本质的知识。理性和概念，并详细研究充分理由认识原则。
For logic is only a paraphrase of this principle, and, more exactly, only of that exemplification of it in which the ground that gives truth to the judgment is neither empirical nor metaphysical, but logical or metalogical.
因为逻辑只是这一原则的释义，更准确地说，只是这一原则的例证，其中为判断提供真理的基础既不是经验的，也不是形而上学的，而是逻辑的或元逻辑的。
Besides the principle of sufficient reason of knowing, it is necessary to take account of the three remaining fundamental laws of thought, or judgments of metalogical truth, so nearly related to it; and out of these the whole science of reason grows.
除了充分理由认识原则之外，还有必要考虑与之密切相关的剩下的三个思想基本法则或元逻辑真理的判断。整个理性科学就是从这些中发展起来的。
The nature of thought proper, that is to say, of the judgment and the syllogism, must be exhibited in the combination of the spheres of concepts, according to the analogy of the special schema, in the way shown above; and from all this the rules of the judgment and the syllogism are to be deduced by construction.
思维本身的本质，即判断和三段论的本质，必须根据特殊图式的类比，以上述方式在概念领域的组合中表现出来；从这一切中，可以通过构造推导出判断规则和三段论。
The only practical use we can make of logic is in a debate, when we can convict our antagonist of his intentional fallacies, rather than of his actual mistakes, by giving them their technical names.
我们可以对逻辑进行的唯一实际用途是在辩论中，此时我们可以通过给对手提供技术名称来证明他的故意谬误，而不是他的实际错误。
By thus throwing into the background the practical aim of logic, and bringing out its connection with the whole scheme of philosophy as one of its chapters, we do not think that we shall make the study of it less prevalent than it is just now.
这样，通过将逻辑的实践目的置于背景之中，并将其与整个哲学体系的联系作为其章节之一，我们并不认为我们会使对它的研究变得不像现在那么普遍。
For at the present day every one who does not wish to remain uncultured, and to be numbered with the ignorant and incompetent multitude, must study speculative philosophy.
因为当今每个人，如果不想保持没有文化，不想被归入无知无能的大众之列，就必须学习思辨哲学。
For the nineteenth century is a philosophical age, though by this we do not mean either that it has philosophy, or that philosophy governs it, but rather that it is ripe for philosophy, and, therefore, stands in need of it.
因为十九世纪是一个哲学时代，尽管我们这样说并不是说它有哲学，或者哲学统治它，而是说它的哲学已经成熟，因此需要哲学。
This is a sign of a high degree of civilisation, and indeed, is a definite stage in the culture of the ages.(14)  Though logic is of so little practical use, it cannot be denied that it was invented for practical purposes.
这是高度文明的标志，事实上，这是各个时代文化的一个确定阶段。（14）虽然逻辑的实际用途很少，但不可否认的是，它是为了实用目的而发明的。
It appears to me to have originated in the following way:—As the love of debating developed among the Eleatics, the Megarics, and the Sophists, and by degrees became almost a passion, the confusion in which nearly every debate ended must have made them feel the necessity of a method of procedure as a guide; and for this a scientific dialectic had to be sought.
在我看来，它的起源是这样的：随着埃利亚学派、麦加学派和智者学派对辩论的热爱逐渐发展起来，并逐渐成为一种激情，几乎每一次辩论结束时的混乱必定使他们感到困惑。感觉到有必要采用一种程序方法作为指导；为此必须寻求科学的辩证法。
The first thing which would have to be observed would be that both the disputing parties should always be agreed on some one proposition, to which the disputed points might be referred.
必须遵守的第一件事是，争议双方应始终就某个提议达成一致，争议点可以参考该提议。
The beginning of the methodical procedure consisted in this, that the propositions admitted on both sides were formally stated to be so, and placed at the head of the inquiry.
有条不紊的程序的开始在于，双方都承认的主张被正式陈述，并置于调查的首位。
But these propositions were at first concerned only with the material of the inquiry.
但这些主张最初只涉及调查的材料。
It was soon observed that in the process of going back to the truth admitted on both sides, and of deducing their assertions from it, each party followed certain forms and laws about which, without any express agreement, there was no difference of opinion.
人们很快发现，在回到双方都承认的真相并从中推导出断言的过程中，每一方都遵循一定的形式和法律，在没有任何明确协议的情况下，没有任何意见分歧。
And from this it became evident that these must constitute the peculiar and natural procedure of reason itself, the form of investigation.
由此可见，这些必然构成理性本身的独特而自然的程序，即调查的形式。
Although this was not exposed to any doubt or difference of opinion, some pedantically systematic philosopher hit upon the idea that it would look well, and be the completion of the method of dialectic, if this formal part of all discussion, this regular procedure of reason itself, were to be expressed in abstract propositions, just like the substantial propositions admitted on both sides, and placed at the beginning of every investigation, as the fixed canon of debate to which reference and appeal must always be made.
虽然这没有引起任何怀疑或意见分歧，但一些迂腐的系统哲学家突然想到，如果这是所有讨论的形式部分，是理性的常规程序，那么它看起来不错，并且是辩证法的完成。其本身应以抽象命题来表达，就像双方都承认的实质性命题一样，并置于每次调查之初，作为必须始终参考和诉诸的固定辩论准则。
In this way what had formerly been followed only by tacit agreement, and instinctively, would be consciously recognised and formally expressed.
这样，以前只是默契、本能地遵循的东西，就会得到自觉的承认和正式的表达。
By degrees, more or less perfect expressions were found for the fundamental principles of logic, such as the principles of contradiction, sufficient reason, excluded middle, the _dictum de omni et nullo_, as well as the special rules of the syllogism, as for example, _ex meris particularibus aut negativis nihil sequitur, a rationato ad rationem non valet consequentia_, and so on.
逐渐地，逻辑的基本原理或多或少地找到了完美的表达，例如矛盾原理、充分理由原理、排中原理、全无法则，以及三段论的特殊规则，例如、_ex merisspecialibus aut negativis nihil sequitur、a rationato ad rationem non valet consequentia_，等等。
That all this was only brought about slowly, and with great pains, and up till the time of Aristotle remained very incomplete, is evident from the awkward and tedious way in which logical truths are brought out in many of the Platonic dialogues, and still more from what Sextus Empiricus tells us of the controversies of the Megarics, about the easiest and simplest logical rules, and the laborious way in which they were brought into a definite form (Sext.
所有这一切都是缓慢地、经过巨大的努力才实现的，直到亚里士多德时代仍然非常不完整，这一点从许多柏拉图对话录中提出逻辑真理的尴尬而乏味的方式中可以明显看出。塞克斯图斯·经验派（Sextus Empiricus）告诉我们关于梅加里克斯（Megarics）的争议，关于最简单和最简单的逻辑规则，以及将它们转化为确定形式的费力方式（Sext.
Emp.
雇员。
adv.
副词
Math.
数学。
l.
湖
8, p.
8，p。
112).
112）。
But Aristotle collected, arranged, and corrected all that had been discovered before his time, and brought it to an incomparably greater state of perfection.
但亚里士多德收集、整理并修正了他之前所发现的一切，并使其达到了无比完美的境界。
If we thus observe how the course of Greek culture had prepared the way for, and led up to the work of Aristotle, we shall be little inclined to believe the assertion of the Persian author, quoted by Sir William Jones with much approval, that Kallisthenes found a complete system of logic among the Indians, and sent it to his uncle Aristotle (Asiatic Researches, vol.
如果我们这样观察希腊文化的进程如何为亚里士多德的著作铺平道路并导致亚里士多德的著作，我们就不会倾向于相信威廉·琼斯爵士非常赞同地引用的波斯作者的断言，即卡利斯提尼在印第安人中发现了一套完整的逻辑体系，并将其发送给他的叔叔亚里士多德（《亚洲研究》，第 1 卷）。
iv.
四.
p.
p。
163).
163）。
It is easy to understand that in the dreary middle ages the Aristotelian logic would be very acceptable to the controversial spirit of the schoolmen, which, in the absence of all real knowledge, spent its energy upon mere formulas and words, and that it would be eagerly adopted even in its mutilated Arabian form, and presently established as the centre of all knowledge.
不难理解，在沉闷的中世纪，亚里士多德的逻辑很容易被经院学者的争议精神所接受，因为他们在缺乏真正的知识的情况下，把精力花在纯粹的公式和文字上，而且它会即使其残缺不全的阿拉伯形式也被热切地采用，并很快成为所有知识的中心。
Though its authority has since declined, yet up to our own time logic has retained the credit of a self-contained, practical, and highly important science.
尽管它的权威已经下降，但直到我们这个时代，逻辑仍然保留着作为一门独立的、实用的和非常重要的科学的信誉。
Indeed, in our own day, the Kantian philosophy, the foundation-stone of which is taken from logic, has excited a new interest in it; which, in this respect, at any rate, that is, as the means of the knowledge of the nature of reason, it deserves.
事实上，在我们这个时代，康德哲学的基石取自逻辑，已经激发了人们对它的新兴趣。无论如何，在这方面，即作为了解理性本质的手段，它是值得的。
 Correct and accurate conclusions may be arrived at if we carefully observe the relation of the spheres of concepts, and only conclude that one sphere is contained in a third sphere, when we have clearly seen that this first sphere is contained in a second, which in its turn is contained in the third.
如果我们仔细观察概念领域的关系，当我们清楚地看到第一个领域包含在第二个领域中时，只有得出一个领域包含在第三个领域中的结论，才能得出正确和准确的结论。它的回合包含在第三个中。
On the other hand, the art of sophistry lies in casting only a superficial glance at the relations of the spheres of the concepts, and then manipulating these relations to suit our purposes, generally in the following way:—When the sphere of an observed concept lies partly within that of another concept, and partly within a third altogether different sphere, we treat it as if it lay entirely within the one or the other, as may suit our purpose.
另一方面，诡辩的艺术在于仅对概念领域之间的关系进行肤浅的观察，然后操纵这些关系以适应我们的目的，通常采用以下方式：部分位于另一个概念的范围内，部分位于第三个完全不同的领域内，我们将其视为完全位于其中一个或另一个范围内，这可能适合我们的目的。
For example, in speaking of passion, we may subsume it under the concept of the greatest force, the mightiest agency in the world, or under the concept of the irrational, and this again under the concept of impotency or weakness.
例如，在谈到激情时，我们可能会将其归入世界上最强大的力量、最强大的机构的概念之下，或者归入非理性的概念之下，而这又归入无能或软弱的概念之下。
We may then repeat the process, and start anew with each concept to which the argument leads us.
然后我们可以重复这个过程，并从论证引导我们得出的每个概念重新开始。
A concept has almost always several others, which partially come under it, and each of these contains part of the sphere of the first, but also includes in its own sphere something more, which is not in the first.
一个概念几乎总是有几个其他概念，这些其他概念部分地属于它，每个概念都包含第一个概念的一部分，但在它自己的范围内还包括第一个概念中不存在的更多东西。
But we draw attention only to that one of these latter concepts, under which we wish to subsume the first, and let the others remain unobserved, or keep them concealed.
但我们只提请注意后一个概念，我们希望将第一个概念纳入其中，而让其他概念保持不被观察到或隐藏起来。
On the possession of this skill depends the whole art of sophistry and all finer fallacies; for logical fallacies such as _mentiens_, _velatus_, _cornatus_, &c., are clearly too clumsy for actual use.
整个诡辩艺术和一切更微妙的谬论都依赖于掌握这种技能。对于诸如 _mentiens_、_velatus_、_cornatus_ 等逻辑谬误，对于实际使用来说显然太笨拙了。
I am not aware that hitherto any one has traced the nature of all sophistry and persuasion back to this last possible ground of its existence, and referred it to the peculiar character of concepts, _i.e._, to the procedure of reason itself.
我不知道迄今为止是否有人将所有诡辩和说服的本质追溯到其存在的最后一个可能的基础，并将其指向概念的特殊特征，即指向理性本身的程序。
Therefore, as my exposition has led me to it, though it is very easily understood, I will illustrate it in the following table by means of a schema.
因此，由于我的阐述使我明白了这一点，虽然它很容易理解，但我将在下表中通过模式来说明它。
This table is intended to show how the spheres of concepts overlap each other at many points, and so leave room for a passage from each concept to whichever one we please of several other concepts.
该表旨在显示概念领域如何在许多点上相互重叠，因此为从每个概念到我们喜欢的其他几个概念中的任何一个概念留有空间。
I hope, however, that no one will be led by this table to attach more importance to this little explanation, which I have merely given in passing, than ought to belong to it, from the nature of the subject.
然而，我希望没有人会被这张表引导，更加重视我只是顺便给出的这一小小的解释，而不是从主题的性质来看，它应该属于它。
I have chosen as an illustration the concept of travelling.
我选择旅行的概念作为说明。
Its sphere partially includes four others, to any of which the sophist may pass at will; these again partly include other spheres, several of them two or more at once, and through these the sophist takes whichever way he chooses, always as if it were the only way, till at last he reaches, in good or evil, whatever end he may have in view.
它的范围部分包括其他四个领域，智者可以随意进入其中任何一个领域。这些又部分地包括其他领域，其中有几个领域同时是两个或多个，通过这些领域，诡辩家采取他选择的任何方式，总是好像这是唯一的方式，直到最后他达到，无论是善还是恶，无论他达到什么目的。可能有考虑。
In passing from one sphere to another, it is only necessary always to follow the direction from the centre (the given chief concept) to the circumference, and never to reverse this process.
从一个球体到另一个球体时，只需始终遵循从中心（给定的主要概念）到圆周的方向，并且永远不要逆转这一过程。
Such a piece of sophistry may be either an unbroken speech, or it may assume the strict syllogistic form, according to what is the weak side of the hearer.
这样的诡辩可以是完整的演讲，也可以采用严格的三段论形式，这取决于听者的弱点。
Most scientific arguments, and especially philosophical demonstrations, are at bottom not much more than this, for how else would it be possible, that so much, in different ages, has not only been falsely apprehended (for error itself has a different source), but demonstrated and proved, and has yet afterwards been found to be fundamentally wrong, for example, the Leibnitz-Wolfian Philosophy, Ptolemaic Astronomy, Stahl’s Chemistry, Newton’s Theory of Colours, &c.
大多数科学论证，尤其是哲学论证，归根结底也不过如此，否则怎么可能，在不同的时代，这么多的东西不仅被错误地理解了（因为错误本身有不同的来源），但经过论证和证明，后来又被发现是根本错误的，例如莱布尼茨-沃尔夫哲学、托勒密天文学、斯塔尔化学、牛顿颜色理论等等。
&c.(15)  § 10.
&c.(15) § 10。
Through all this, the question presses ever more upon us, how _certainty_ is to be attained, how _judgments __ are to be established_, what constitutes _rational knowledge_, (_wissen_), and _science_, which we rank with language and deliberate action as the third great benefit conferred by reason.
通过这一切，这个问题更加紧迫地摆在我们面前：如何获得_确定性_，如何_建立_判断_，什么构成_理性知识_、（_wissen_）和_科学_，我们将其与语言和深思熟虑的行动并列为第三位。理性赋予的巨大利益。
 Reason is feminine in nature; it can only give after it has received.
理性本质上是女性化的；它只能在收到之后给予。
Of itself it has nothing but the empty forms of its operation.
它本身除了空洞的运作形式之外什么也没有。
There is no absolutely pure rational knowledge except the four principles to which I have attributed metalogical truth; the principles of identity, contradiction, excluded middle, and sufficient reason of knowledge.
除了我所赋予的元逻辑真理的四个原则之外，不存在绝对纯粹的理性知识。知识的同一性、矛盾性、排中性、充分理由性原则。
For even the rest of logic is not absolutely pure rational knowledge.
因为即使是逻辑的其余部分也不是绝对纯粹的理性知识。
It presupposes the relations and the combinations of the spheres of concepts.
它预设了概念领域的关系和组合。
But concepts in general only exist after experience of ideas of perception, and as their whole nature consists in their relation to these, it is clear that they presuppose them.
但是，一般概念只有在经历了知觉观念之后才存在，并且由于它们的整体性质就在于它们与知觉观念的关系，所以很明显它们预设了知觉观念。
No special content, however, is presupposed, but merely the existence of a content generally, and so logic as a whole may fairly pass for pure rational science.
然而，没有预设任何特殊的内容，而只是一般内容的存在，因此逻辑作为一个整体可以相当地被视为纯粹的理性科学。
In all other sciences reason has received its content from ideas of perception; in mathematics from the relations of space and time, presented in intuition or perception prior to all experience; in pure natural science, that is, in what we know of the course of nature prior to any experience, the content of the science proceeds from the pure understanding, _i.e._, from the _a priori_ knowledge of the law of causality and its connection with those pure intuitions or perceptions of space and time.
在所有其他科学中，理性都是从感知观念中获得其内容的。在数学中，从空间和时间的关系出发，在所有经验之前以直觉或感知的形式呈现；在纯自然科学中，也就是说，在我们对任何经验之前的自然过程的了解中，科学的内容来自纯粹的理解，即来自对因果律和因果律的先验知识。它与那些纯粹的直觉或对空间和时间的感知的联系。
In all other sciences everything that is not derived from the sources we have just referred to belongs to experience.
在所有其他科学中，所有不是源自我们刚才提到的来源的东西都属于经验。
Speaking generally, _to know rationally_ (_wissen_) means to have in the power of the mind, and capable of being reproduced at will, such judgments as have their sufficient ground of knowledge in something outside themselves, _i.e._, are true.
一般而言，“理性地认识”（_wissen_）意味着拥有心灵的力量，并且能够随意复制，这样的判断在其自身之外的事物中有足够的知识基础，即是正确的。
Thus only abstract cognition is _rational knowledge_ (_wissen_), which is therefore the result of reason, so that we cannot accurately say of the lower animals that they _rationally __ know_ (_wissen_) anything, although they have apprehension of what is presented in perception, and memory of this, and consequently imagination, which is further proved by the circumstance that they dream.
因此，只有抽象认知才是_理性知识_（_wissen_），因此它是理性的结果，因此我们不能准确地说低等动物_理性地__知道_（_wissen_）任何东西，尽管它们对感知中呈现的内容有理解，以及对此的记忆，进而产生想象力，而他们梦到的情况进一步证明了这一点。
We attribute consciousness to them, and therefore although the word (_bewusstsein_) is derived from the verb to know rationally (_wissen_), the conception of consciousness corresponds generally with that of idea of whatever kind it may be.
我们将意识归于它们，因此，尽管（_bewusstsein_）这个词源自动词“理性地认识”（_wissen_），但意识的概念通常与任何种类的观念相对应。
Thus we attribute life to plants, but not consciousness.
因此，我们将生命赋予植物，但不赋予意识。
_Rational knowledge_ (_wissen_) is therefore abstract consciousness, the permanent possession in concepts of the reason, of what has become known in another way.
因此，_理性知识_（_wissen_）是抽象意识，是对理性概念的永久占有，是对以另一种方式已知的事物的永久占有。
 § 11.
 §11.
In this regard the direct opposite of _rational knowledge_ is feeling, and therefore we must insert the explanation of feeling here.
在这方面，“理性知识”的直接对立面是感觉，因此我们必须在这里插入对感觉的解释。
The concept which the word feeling denotes has merely a negative content, which is this, that something which is present in consciousness, _is not a concept_, _is not abstract rational knowledge_.
感觉这个词所指的概念仅仅具有消极的内容，也就是说，存在于意识中的某种东西，“不是概念”，“不是抽象的理性知识”。
Except this, whatever it may be, it comes under the concept of _feeling_.
除此之外，无论它是什么，它都属于_感觉_的概念。
Thus the immeasurably wide sphere of the concept of feeling includes the most different kinds of objects, and no one can ever understand how they come together until he has recognised that they all agree in this negative respect, that they are not _abstract concepts_.
因此，感觉概念的不可估量的广泛范围包括了最不同种类的物体，没有人能够理解它们是如何聚集在一起的，除非他认识到它们在这一消极方面都是一致的，即它们不是“抽象概念”。
For the most diverse and even antagonistic elements lie quietly side by side in this concept; for example, religious feeling, feeling of sensual pleasure, moral feeling, bodily feeling, as touch, pain, sense of colour, of sounds and their harmonies and discords, feeling of hate, of disgust, of self-satisfaction, of honour, of disgrace, of right, of wrong, sense of truth, æsthetic feeling, feeling of power, weakness, health, friendship, love, &c.
因为在这个概念中，最多样化甚至是对立的元素静静地并存；例如，宗教感觉、感官愉悦感觉、道德感觉、身体感觉、触觉、疼痛、颜色感觉、声音及其和谐与不和谐的感觉、仇恨、厌恶、自我满足、荣誉、耻辱、对错、真理感、美感、力量感、软弱感、健康感、友谊感、爱情感等。
&c.
＆C。
There is absolutely nothing in common among them except the negative quality that they are not abstract rational knowledge.
它们之间绝对没有任何共同点，除了它们都不是抽象理性知识的负面性质。
But this diversity becomes more striking when the apprehension of space relations presented _a priori_ in perception, and also the knowledge of the pure understanding is brought under this concept, and when we say of all knowledge and all truth, of which we are first conscious only intuitively, and have not yet formulated in abstract concepts, we _feel_ it.
但是，当空间关系的理解在知觉中先验地呈现出来，并且纯粹知性的知识也被置于这个概念之下时，当我们说我们首先意识到的所有知识和所有真理时，这种多样性变得更加引人注目。凭直觉，我们还没有用抽象概念来表述，我们就能感觉到它。
I should like, for the sake of illustration, to give some examples of this taken from recent books, as they are striking proofs of my theory.
为了说明起见，我想举一些最近出版的书中的例子，因为它们是我的理论的有力证明。
I remember reading in the introduction to a German translation of Euclid, that we ought to make beginners in geometry draw the figures before proceeding to demonstrate, for in this way they would already feel geometrical truth before the demonstration brought them complete knowledge.
我记得在欧几里得德译本的导论中读过，我们应该让几何初学者在演示之前先画出图形，这样在演示给他们带来完整的知识之前，他们就已经感受到了几何的真理。
In the same way Schleiermacher speaks in his “Critique of Ethics” of logical and mathematical feeling (p.
同样，施莱尔马赫在他的《伦理学批判》中谈到了逻辑和数学感觉（第 17 页）。
339), and also of the feeling of the sameness or difference of two formulas (p.
339），以及两个公式的相同或差异的感觉（第 339 页）。
342).
342）。
Again Tennemann in his “History of Philosophy” (vol.
再次是滕尼曼在他的《哲学史》（第一卷）中。
I., p.
I.，p。
361) says, “One _felt_ that the fallacies were not right, but could not point out the mistakes.” Now, so long as we do not regard this concept “_feeling_” from the right point of view, and do not recognise that one negative characteristic which alone is essential to it, it must constantly give occasion for misunderstanding and controversy, on account of the excessive wideness of its sphere, and its entirely negative and very limited content which is determined in a purely one-sided manner.
361）说：“感觉谬误不对，但不能指出错误。”现在，只要我们不从正确的角度来看待“感觉”这个概念，并且不认识到它本身所具有的一个消极特征，它就一定会不断地引起误解和争议。其范围过于宽泛，其内容完全是消极的、非常有限的，而且是纯粹以片面的方式确定的。
Since then we have in German the nearly synonymous word _empfindung_ (sensation), it would be convenient to make use of it for bodily feeling, as a sub-species.
从那时起，我们在德语中就有了几乎同义的词_empfindung_（感觉），作为一个亚种，将其用于身体感觉会很方便。
This concept “feeling,” which is quite out of proportion to all others, doubtless originated in the following manner.
“感觉”这个与其他概念完全不相称的概念，无疑是由以下方式产生的。
All concepts, and concepts alone, are denoted by words; they exist only for the reason, and proceed from it.
所有的概念，仅是概念，都是用文字来表示的。它们的存在只是为了理由，并以此为出发点。
With concepts, therefore, we are already at a one-sided point of view; but from such a point of view what is near appears distinct and is set down as positive, what is farther off becomes mixed up and is soon regarded as merely negative.
因此，在概念上，我们的观点已经是片面的。但从这样的角度来看，近处的东西显得很清晰，被认为是积极的，而远处的东西就变得混杂起来，很快就被认为仅仅是消极的。
Thus each nation calls all others foreign: to the Greek all others are barbarians; to the Englishman all that is not England or English is continent or continental; to the believer all others are heretics, or heathens; to the noble all others are _roturiers_; to the student all others are Philistines, and so forth.
因此，每个民族都称所有其他民族为外国人：对于希腊人来说，所有其他民族都是野蛮人；对于希腊人来说，所有其他民族都是野蛮人；对于希腊人来说，所有其他民族都是野蛮人。对英国人来说，所有非英格兰或英语的地方都是大陆或大陆；对于信徒来说，所有其他人都是异教徒或异教徒；对于贵族来说，其他人都是_roturiers_；对于学生来说，其他人都是庸人，等等。
Now, reason itself, strange as it may seem, is guilty of the same one-sidedness, indeed one might say of the same crude ignorance arising from vanity, for it classes under the one concept, “_feeling_,” every modification of consciousness which does not immediately belong to its own mode of apprehension, that is to say, which is _not an abstract concept_.
现在，理性本身，尽管看起来很奇怪，也犯了同样的片面性罪，实际上，人们可以说是出于虚荣心而产生的同样的粗鲁无知，因为它把意识的每一种修正都归入一个概念“感觉”之下。并不立即属于它自己的理解模式，也就是说，它_不是一个抽象概念_。
It has had to pay the penalty of this hitherto in misunderstanding and confusion in its own province, because its own procedure had not become clear to it through thorough self-knowledge, for a special faculty of feeling has been set up, and new theories of it are constructed.
迄今为止，它必须在自己的领域内遭受误解和混乱的惩罚，因为它自己的程序还没有通过彻底的自我认识而变得清晰，因为一种特殊的感觉能力已经建立起来，并且新的理论已经建立起来。它是被建造的。
 § 12.
 §12.
_Rational knowledge_ (_wissen_) is then all abstract knowledge,—that is, the knowledge which is peculiar to the reason as distinguished from the understanding.
那么，“理性知识”（_wissen_）就是所有抽象知识，即区别于知性的理性所特有的知识。
Its contradictory opposite has just been explained to be the concept “feeling.” Now, as reason only reproduces, for knowledge, what has been received in another way, it does not actually extend our knowledge, but only gives it another form.
它的矛盾对立面刚刚被解释为“感觉”这个概念。现在，对于知识来说，理性只是再现以另一种方式接收到的东西，它实际上并没有扩展我们的知识，而只是赋予它另一种形式。
It enables us to know in the abstract and generally, what first became known in sense-perception, in the concrete.
它使我们能够抽象地、一般性地了解最初在感官知觉中具体了解的事物。
But this is much more important than it appears at first sight when so expressed.
但这比乍一看所表达的要重要得多。
For it depends entirely upon the fact that knowledge has become rational or abstract knowledge (_wissen_), that it can be safely preserved, that it is communicable and susceptible of certain and wide-reaching application to practice.
因为它完全取决于这样一个事实：知识已经成为理性的或抽象的知识（_wissen_），它可以被安全地保存，它是可传播的并且易于在实践中进行某些和广泛的应用。
Knowledge in the form of sense-perception is valid only of the particular case, extends only to what is nearest, and ends with it, for sensibility and understanding can only comprehend one object at a time.
感觉知觉形式的知识仅对特定情况有效，仅延伸到最近的事物，并以此结束，因为感性和理解一次只能理解一个对象。
Every enduring, arranged, and planned activity must therefore proceed from principles,—that is, from abstract knowledge, and it must be conducted in accordance with them.
因此，每一项持久的、有安排的、有计划的活动都必须从原则出发，即从抽象知识出发，并且必须按照这些原则进行。
Thus, for example, the knowledge of the relation of cause and effect arrived at by the understanding, is in itself far completer, deeper and more exhaustive than anything that can be thought about it in the abstract; the understanding alone knows in perception directly and completely the nature of the effect of a lever, of a pulley, or a cog-wheel, the stability of an arch, and so forth.
因此，例如，通过知性获得的因果关系的知识，其本身比任何可以抽象思考的事物都更完整、更深刻、更详尽。只有理解力才能在知觉中直接而完整地了解杠杆、滑轮或齿轮的作用本质，拱门的稳定性等等。
But on account of the peculiarity of the knowledge of perception just referred to, that it only extends to what is immediately present, the mere understanding can never enable us to construct machines and buildings.
但由于刚才提到的知觉知识的特殊性，即它只能延伸到立即存在的事物，单纯的理解永远无法使我们能够建造机器和建筑物。
Here reason must come in; it must substitute abstract concepts for ideas of perception, and take them as the guide of action; and if they are right, the anticipated result will happen.
这里必须引入理性；必须用抽象概念代替感知观念，并以抽象概念作为行动的指南；如果他们是对的，预期的结果就会发生。
In the same way we have perfect knowledge in pure perception of the nature and constitution of the parabola, hyperbola, and spiral; but if we are to make trustworthy application of this knowledge to the real, it must first become abstract knowledge, and by this it certainly loses its character of intuition or perception, but on the other hand it gains the certainty and preciseness of abstract knowledge.
同样地，我们对抛物线、双曲线和螺旋线的性质和构成有纯粹的知觉。但是，如果我们要将这种知识可靠地应用到现实中，它必须首先成为抽象知识，这样它就肯定失去了直觉或知觉的特征，但另一方面它又获得了抽象知识的确定性和精确性。
The differential calculus does not really extend our knowledge of the curve, it contains nothing that was not already in the mere pure perception of the curve; but it alters the kind of knowledge, it changes the intuitive into an abstract knowledge, which is so valuable for application.
微分学并没有真正扩展我们对曲线的认识，它所包含的一切都已经存在于对曲线的纯粹感知中。但它改变了知识的种类，它将直观的知识变成了抽象的知识，而抽象的知识对于应用来说非常有价值。
But here we must refer to another peculiarity of our faculty of knowledge, which could not be observed until the distinction between the knowledge of the senses and understanding and abstract knowledge had been made quite clear.
但在这里我们必须提到我们知识能力的另一个特点，只有在感官知识和理解力与抽象知识之间的区别非常清楚之前，我们才能观察到这一特点。
It is this, that relations of space cannot as such be directly translated into abstract knowledge, but only temporal quantities,—that is, numbers, are suitable for this.
正是这样，空间关系本身不能直接转化为抽象知识，只有时间量，即数字，才适合这样做。
Numbers alone can be expressed in abstract concepts which accurately correspond to them, not spacial quantities.
数字本身可以用与其精确对应的抽象概念来表达，而不是空间量。
The concept “thousand” is just as different from the concept “ten,” as both these temporal quantities are in perception.
“千”的概念与“十”的概念一样不同，因为这两个时间量都在感知中。
We think of a thousand as a distinct multiple of ten, into which we can resolve it at pleasure for perception in time,—that is to say, we can count it.
我们认为一千是十的不同倍数，我们可以随意将其分解为十的倍数，以便及时感知，也就是说，我们可以计算它。
But between the abstract concept of a mile and that of a foot, apart from any concrete perception of either, and without the help of number, there is no accurate distinction corresponding to the quantities themselves.
但是，在一英里和一英尺的抽象概念之间，除了对两者的任何具体感知之外，并且没有数字的帮助，不存在与数量本身相对应的准确区别。
In both we only think of a spacial quantity in general, and if they must be completely distinguished we are compelled either to call in the assistance of intuition or perception in space, which would be a departure from abstract knowledge, or we must think the difference in _numbers_.
在这两种情况下，我们只考虑一般的空间量，如果必须完全区分它们，我们就被迫要么求助于空间直觉或知觉的帮助，这将背离抽象知识，要么我们必须考虑差异在_数字_中。
If then we wish to have abstract knowledge of space-relations we must first translate them into time-relations,—that is, into numbers; therefore only arithmetic, and not geometry, is the universal science of quantity, and geometry must be translated into arithmetic if it is to be communicable, accurately precise and applicable in practice.
如果我们希望获得空间关系的抽象知识，我们必须首先将它们转化为时间关系，即转化为数字；因此，只有算术，而不是几何，才是普遍的数量科学，如果几何要具有可传播性、精确性和在实践中的适用性，就必须将其转化为算术。
It is true that a space-relation as such may also be thought in the abstract; for example, “the sine increases as the angle,” but if the quantity of this relation is to be given, it requires number for its expression.
诚然，空间关系本身也可以被抽象地思考。例如，“正弦随着角度的增加而增加”，但如果要给出这种关系的数量，则需要数字来表达。
This necessity, that if we wish to have abstract knowledge of space-relations (_i.e._, rational knowledge, not mere intuition or perception), space with its three dimensions must be translated into time which has only one dimension, this necessity it is, which makes mathematics so difficult.
这种必然性，如果我们希望获得空间关系的抽象知识（即理性知识，而不仅仅是直觉或感知），则具有三个维度的空间必须转化为只有一个维度的时间，这种必然性确实如此，这使得数学变得如此困难。
This becomes very clear if we compare the perception of curves with their analytical calculation, or the table of logarithms of the trigonometrical functions with the perception of the changing relations of the parts of a triangle, which are expressed by them.
如果我们将曲线的感知与其分析计算进行比较，或者将三角函数的对数表与对它们所表达的三角形各部分的变化关系的感知进行比较，这一点就会变得非常清楚。
What vast mazes of figures, what laborious calculations it would require to express in the abstract what perception here apprehends at a glance completely and with perfect accuracy, namely, how the co-sine diminishes as the sine increases, how the co-sine of one angle is the sine of another, the inverse relation of the increase and decrease of the two angles, and so forth.
需要多么巨大的数字迷宫，需要多么费力的计算才能抽象地表达这里的知觉一眼就能完全准确地理解的东西，即余弦如何随着正弦的增加而减少，一个的余弦如何一个角度是另一个角度的正弦，两个角度的增加和减少的反比关系，等等。
How time, we might say, must complain, that with its one dimension it should be compelled to express the three dimensions of space! Yet this is necessary if we wish to possess, for application, an expression, in abstract concepts, of space-relations.
我们可能会说，时间一定会抱怨，用它的一维它应该被迫表达空间的三个维度！然而，如果我们希望拥有空间关系的抽象概念的表达以用于应用，这是必要的。
They could not be translated directly into abstract concepts, but only through the medium of the pure temporal quantity, number, which alone is directly related to abstract knowledge.
它们不能直接转化为抽象概念，只能通过纯粹的时间量、数字作为媒介，而数字本身就与抽象知识直接相关。
Yet it is worthy of remark, that as space adapts itself so well to perception, and by means of its three dimensions, even its complicated relations are easily apprehended, while it eludes the grasp of abstract knowledge; time, on the contrary, passes easily into abstract knowledge, but gives very little to perception.
但值得注意的是，由于空间非常适合感知，并且通过其三个维度，即使是其复杂的关系也很容易被理解，但却难以理解抽象知识；相反，时间很容易转化为抽象知识，但对感知的影响却很小。
Our perceptions of numbers in their proper element, mere time, without the help of space, scarcely extends as far as ten, and beyond that we have only abstract concepts of numbers, no knowledge of them which can be presented in perception.
我们对数字的感知，在其适当的元素中，仅是时间，没有空间的帮助，几乎不能延伸到十，除此之外，我们只有抽象的数字概念，没有可以在感知中呈现的关于数字的知识。
On the other hand, we connect with every numeral, and with all algebraical symbols, accurately defined abstract concepts.
另一方面，我们将每个数字、所有代数符号与准确定义的抽象概念联系起来。
 We may further remark here that some minds only find full satisfaction in what is known through perception.
我们可以在这里进一步指出，有些头脑只能在通过感知所知道的事物中找到完全的满足。
What they seek is the reason and consequent of being in space, sensuously expressed; a demonstration after the manner of Euclid, or an arithmetical solution of spacial problems, does not please them.
他们追求的是存在于空间中的理性和结果，并通过感性表达；按照欧几里得的方式进行演示，或者空间问题的算术解决方案，都不会让他们满意。
Other minds, on the contrary, seek merely the abstract concepts which are needful for applying and communicating knowledge.
相反，其他人只寻求应用和交流知识所需的抽象概念。
They have patience and memory for abstract principles, formulas, demonstrations in long trains of reasoning, and calculations, in which the symbols represent the most complicated abstractions.
他们对抽象的原理、公式、一连串的推理和计算的演示有耐心和记忆，其中的符号代表着最复杂的抽象。
The latter seek preciseness, the former sensible perception.
后者追求精确，前者追求感性感知。
The difference is characteristic.
差异是特征性的。
 The greatest value of rational or abstract knowledge is that it can be communicated and permanently retained.
理性或抽象知识的最大价值在于它可以传播并永久保留。
It is principally on this account that it is so inestimably important for practice.
主要由于这个原因，它对于实践来说是如此不可估量的重要。
Any one may have a direct perceptive knowledge through the understanding alone, of the causal connection, of the changes and motions of natural bodies, and he may find entire satisfaction in it; but he cannot communicate this knowledge to others until it has been made permanent for thought in concepts.
任何人都可以仅通过理解自然物体的因果关系、变化和运动而获得直接的感知知识，并且他可以从中找到完全的满足。但他无法将这种知识传达给其他人，直到它在概念上成为永久的思想。
Knowledge of the first kind is even sufficient for practice, if a man puts his knowledge into practice himself, in an action which can be accomplished while the perception is still vivid; but it is not sufficient if the help of others is required, or even if the action is his own but must be carried out at different times, and therefore requires a pre-conceived plan.
如果一个人亲自将他的知识付诸实践，并在知觉仍然清晰的情况下以可以完成的行动，那么第一类知识甚至足以用于实践。但如果需要别人的帮助，这还不够，或者即使是自己的行动，也必须在不同的时间进行，因此需要预先计划。
Thus, for example, a practised billiard-player may have a perfect knowledge of the laws of the impact of elastic bodies upon each other, merely in the understanding, merely for direct perception; and for him it is quite sufficient; but on the other hand it is only the man who has studied the science of mechanics, who has, properly speaking, a rational knowledge of these laws, that is, a knowledge of them in the abstract.
因此，例如，一个熟练的台球运动员可能对弹性体彼此撞击的规律有完美的了解，但这只是在理解中，只是为了直接感知；对他来说这已经足够了；但另一方面，只有研究过力学科学的人，严格地说，才对这些定律有理性的认识，即对它们的抽象认识。
Such knowledge of the understanding in perception is sufficient even for the construction of machines, when the inventor of the machine executes the work himself; as we often see in the case of talented workmen, who have no scientific knowledge.
当机器的发明者亲自执行工作时，这种感知理解的知识即使对于机器的构造也足够了；正如我们经常看到的，有才华的工人却没有科学知识。
But whenever a number of men, and their united action taking place at different times, is required for the completion of a mechanical work, of a machine, or a building, then he who conducts it must have thought out the plan in the abstract, and such co-operative activity is only possible through the assistance of reason.
但是，每当需要许多人以及他们在不同时间进行的联合行动来完成一项机械工作、一台机器或一座建筑物时，那么进行这项工作的人就必须抽象地想出该计划，这种合作活动只有在理性的帮助下才可能实现。
It is, however, remarkable that in the first kind of activity, in which we have supposed that one man alone, in an uninterrupted course of action, accomplishes something, abstract knowledge, the application of reason or reflection, may often be a hindrance to him; for example, in the case of billiard-playing, of fighting, of tuning an instrument, or in the case of singing.
然而，值得注意的是，在第一种活动中，我们假设一个人独自在不间断的行动过程中完成某件事，抽象知识、理性或反思的应用可能常常成为阻碍他;例如，在打台球、打斗、调乐器或唱歌的情况下。
Here perceptive knowledge must directly guide action; its passage through reflection makes it uncertain, for it divides the attention and confuses the man.
在这里，感知知识必须直接指导行动；它通过反思的过程使其变得不确定，因为它分散了注意力并使人感到困惑。
Thus savages and untaught men, who are little accustomed to think, perform certain physical exercises, fight with beasts, shoot with bows and arrows and the like, with a certainty and rapidity which the reflecting European never attains to, just because his deliberation makes him hesitate and delay.
因此，那些不习惯思考的野蛮人和未受过教育的人，进行某些体育锻炼，与野兽搏斗，用弓箭射击等等，其确定性和迅速性是善于思考的欧洲人永远达不到的，仅仅因为他的深思熟虑使他犹豫和拖延。
For he tries, for example, to hit the right position or the right point of time, by finding out the mean between two false extremes; while the savage hits it directly without thinking of the false courses open to him.
例如，他试图通过找出两个错误极端之间的平均值来找到正确的位置或正确的时间点；而野蛮人则直接击中它，而不考虑向他敞开的错误路线。
In the same way it is of no use to me to know in the abstract the exact angle, in degrees and minutes, at which I must apply a razor, if I do not know it intuitively, that is, if I have not got it in my touch.
同样地，如果我不直观地知道，也就是说，如果我没有得到它，那么抽象地知道我必须使用剃须刀的确切角度（以度和分为单位）是没有用的在我的触摸中。
The knowledge of physiognomy also, is interfered with by the application of reason.
面相知识也受到理性应用的干扰。
This knowledge must be gained directly through the understanding.
这种知识必须通过理解直接获得。
We say that the expression, the meaning of the features, can only be _felt_, that is, it cannot be put into abstract concepts.
我们说表达，特征的意义，只能是“感觉到”的，也就是说，它不能放入抽象概念中。
Every man has his direct intuitive method of physiognomy and pathognomy, yet one man understands more clearly than another these _signatura rerum_.
每个人都有他直接直观的面相和病理学方法，但一个人比另一个人更清楚地理解这些_signatura rerum_。
But an abstract science of physiognomy to be taught and learned is not possible; for the distinctions of difference are here so fine that concepts cannot reach them; therefore abstract knowledge is related to them as a mosaic is to a painting by a Van der Werft or a Denner.
但是，教授和学习抽象的面相科学是不可能的。因为差异的区别在这里如此细微，以至于概念无法触及它们。因此，抽象知识与它们的关系就像马赛克与范德沃夫特或登纳的绘画的关系一样。
In mosaics, however fine they may be, the limits of the stones are always there, and therefore no continuous passage from one colour to another is possible, and this is also the case with regard to concepts, with their rigidity and sharp delineation; however finely we may divide them by exact definition, they are still incapable of reaching the finer modifications of the perceptible, and this is just what happens in the example we have taken, knowledge of physiognomy.(16)  This quality of concepts by which they resemble the stones of a mosaic, and on account of which perception always remains their asymptote, is also the reason why nothing good is produced in art by their means.
在马赛克中，无论它们多么精美，石头的限制始终存在，因此不可能从一种颜色连续过渡到另一种颜色，概念也是如此，因为它们的刚性和清晰的轮廓;无论我们如何通过精确的定义将它们划分得再细，它们仍然无法对可感知的事物进行更精细的修改，而这正是我们所举的面相知识的例子中所发生的情况。（16）这种概念的质量使它们成为一种概念。就像马赛克的石头一样，因此感知始终保持其渐近线，这也是为什么用它们的手段在艺术中没有产生任何好处的原因。
If the singer or the virtuoso attempts to guide his execution by reflection he remains silent.
如果歌手或艺术大师试图通过反思来指导他的表演，他就会保持沉默。
And this is equally true of the composer, the painter, and the poet.
对于作曲家、画家和诗人来说也是如此。
The concept always remains unfruitful in art; it can only direct the technical part of it, its sphere is science.
这个概念在艺术中始终没有成果。它只能指导它的技术部分，它的领域是科学。
We shall consider more fully in the third book, why all true art proceeds from sensuous knowledge, never from the concept.
我们将在第三本书中更全面地考虑为什么所有真正的艺术都源于感性知识，而不是源于概念。
Indeed, with regard to behaviour also, and personal agreeableness in society, the concept has only a negative value in restraining the grosser manifestations of egotism and brutality; so that a polished manner is its commendable production.
事实上，就行为以及个人在社会中的宜人性而言，这一概念在抑制自私和残暴的更严重表现方面仅具有负面价值；因此，其精美的制作方式是值得称赞的。
But all that is attractive, gracious, charming in behaviour, all affectionateness and friendliness, must not proceed from the concepts, for if it does, “we feel intention, and are put out of tune.” All dissimulation is the work of reflection; but it cannot be maintained constantly and without interruption: “_nemo __ potest personam diu ferre fictum_,” says Seneca in his book _de clementia_; and so it is generally found out and loses its effect.
但一切有吸引力的、优雅的、迷人的行为，所有的深情和友善，都绝不能从概念出发，因为如果是这样，“我们就会感到有意，就会显得格格不入”。所有的掩饰都是反思的结果；但它不能持续不间断地维持：“_nemo __ potest personam diu ferre fictum_”，塞内卡在他的书《de clementia》中说道；因此，它通常会被发现并失去其作用。
Reason is needed in the full stress of life, where quick conclusions, bold action, rapid and sure comprehension are required, but it may easily spoil all if it gains the upper hand, and by perplexing hinders the intuitive, direct discovery, and grasp of the right by simple understanding, and thus induces irresolution.
在充满压力的生活中需要理性，需要快速的结论、大胆的行动、迅速而准确的理解，但如果它占了上风，很容易破坏一切，并且由于令人困惑而阻碍了直观、直接的发现和把握。简单的理解就是正确的，从而导致优柔寡断。
 Lastly, virtue and holiness do not proceed from reflection, but from the inner depths of the will, and its relation to knowledge.
最后，美德和圣洁不是来自反思，而是来自意志的内在深处，及其与知识的关系。
The exposition of this belongs to another part of our work; this, however, I may remark here, that the dogmas relating to ethics may be the same in the reason of whole nations, but the action of every individual different; and the converse also holds good; action, we say, is guided by _feelings_,—that is, simply not by concepts, but as a matter of fact by the ethical character.
对此的阐述属于我们工作的另一部分；然而，我在这里要指出的是，与道德有关的教条在整个国家的理性中可能是相同的，但每个人的行为却是不同的。反之亦然；我们说，行动是由情感引导的——也就是说，根本不是由概念引导，而是事实上由道德品质引导。
Dogmas occupy the idle reason; but action in the end pursues its own course independently of them, generally not according to abstract rules, but according to unspoken maxims, the expression of which is the whole man himself.
教条占据了闲散的理性；但行动最终会独立于它们而追求自己的进程，通常不是根据抽象的规则，而是根据不言而喻的格言，而这些格言的表达就是整个人本身。
Therefore, however different the religious dogmas of nations may be, yet in the case of all of them, a good action is accompanied by unspeakable satisfaction, and a bad action by endless remorse.
因此，无论各国的宗教教义如何不同，但对于所有国家来说，善行都会伴随着难以言喻的满足，而恶行则伴随着无尽的悔恨。
No mockery can shake the former; no priest’s absolution can deliver from the latter.
任何嘲笑都无法动摇前者；任何牧师的赦免都无法摆脱后者。
Notwithstanding this, we must allow, that for the pursuit of a virtuous life, the application of reason is needful; only it is not its source, but has the subordinate function of preserving resolutions which have been made, of providing maxims to withstand the weakness of the moment, and give consistency to action.
尽管如此，我们必须承认，为了追求高尚的生活，运用理性是必要的。只是它不是它的来源，而是具有维护已做出的决议、提供准则来抵御当前的弱点以及使行动保持一致的次要功能。
It plays the same part ultimately in art also, where it has just as little to do with the essential matter, but assists in carrying it out, for genius is not always at call, and yet the work must be completed in all its parts and rounded off to a whole.(17)  § 13.
它最终在艺术中也扮演着同样的角色，在艺术中，它与基本问题没有什么关系，但有助于实现它，因为天才并不总是随叫随到，但作品的所有部分都必须完成，并且四舍五入为整数。(17) § 13。
All these discussions of the advantages and disadvantages of the application of reason are intended to show, that although abstract rational knowledge is the reflex of ideas of perception, and is founded on them, it is by no means in such entire congruity with them that it could everywhere take their place: indeed it never corresponds to them quite accurately.
所有这些关于应用理性的优点和缺点的讨论都旨在表明，尽管抽象理性知识是知觉观念的反映，并且是建立在知觉观念之上的，但它决不是与知觉观念完全一致的。到处都可以取代它们的位置：事实上，它从来没有非常准确地对应过它们。
And thus, as we have seen, many human actions can only be performed by the help of reason and deliberation, and yet there are some which are better performed without its assistance.
因此，正如我们所看到的，许多人类行为只能在理性和深思熟虑的帮助下才能完成，但有些行为在没有理性和深思熟虑的帮助下也能更好地完成。
This very incongruity of sensuous and abstract knowledge, on account of which the latter always merely approximates to the former, as mosaic approximates to painting, is the cause of a very remarkable phenomenon which, like reason itself, is peculiar to human nature, and of which the explanations that have ever anew been attempted, are insufficient: I mean _laughter_.
感性知识和抽象知识之间的这种非常不协调的现象，导致了一种非常显着的现象，这种现象就像理性本身一样，是人性所特有的，因此，后者总是接近于前者，就像马赛克接近于绘画一样。重新尝试的解释是不够的：我的意思是_笑_。
On account of the source of this phenomenon, we cannot avoid giving the explanation of it here, though it again interrupts the course of our work to do so.
由于这种现象的根源，我们不能避免在这里对其进行解释，尽管这再次打断了我们的工作进程。
The cause of laughter in every case is simply the sudden perception of the incongruity between a concept and the real objects which have been thought through it in some relation, and laughter itself is just the expression of this incongruity.
在任何情况下，笑的原因都只是突然感觉到一个概念与通过该概念以某种关系进行思考的真实对象之间的不协调，而笑本身正是这种不协调的表达。
It often occurs in this way: two or more real objects are thought through _one_ concept, and the identity of the concept is transferred to the objects; it then becomes strikingly apparent from the entire difference of the objects in other respects, that the concept was only applicable to them from a one-sided point of view.
它常常以这种方式发生：通过一个概念来思考两个或多个真实对象，并将概念的同一性转移到对象上；然后，从这些对象在其他方面的全部差异就可以明显看出，这一概念仅从片面的角度适用于它们。
It occurs just as often, however, that the incongruity between a single real object and the concept under which, from one point of view, it has rightly been subsumed, is suddenly felt.
然而，常常会突然感觉到单个真实物体与概念之间的不协调，从一个角度来看，该概念正确地包含了该物体。
Now the more correct the subsumption of such objects under a concept may be from one point of view, and the greater and more glaring their incongruity with it, from another point of view, the greater is the ludicrous effect which is produced by this contrast.
现在，从一个观点来看，这些对象在一个概念下的包含越正确，而从另一个观点来看，它们与概念的不协调性越大、越明显，这种对比产生的可笑效果就越大。
All laughter then is occasioned by a paradox, and therefore by unexpected subsumption, whether this is expressed in words or in actions.
所有的笑声都是由悖论引起的，因此是由意想不到的包容引起的，无论是用言语还是行动表达。
This, briefly stated, is the true explanation of the ludicrous.
简而言之，这就是可笑的真实解释。
 I shall not pause here to relate anecdotes as examples to illustrate my theory; for it is so simple and comprehensible that it does not require them, and everything ludicrous which the reader may remember is equally valuable as a proof of it.
我不会在这里停下来讲述轶事作为例子来说明我的理论；因为它是如此简单易懂，以至于不需要它们，读者可能记得的一切可笑的东西都同样有价值作为它的证明。
But the theory is confirmed and illustrated by distinguishing two species into which the ludicrous is divided, and which result from the theory.
但这个理论是通过区分可笑的两个种类而得到证实和说明的，这两个种类是由该理论产生的。
Either, we have previously known two or more very different real objects, ideas of sense-perception, and have intentionally identified them through the unity of a concept which comprehends them both; this species of the ludicrous is called _wit_.
或者，我们之前已经知道两个或多个截然不同的真实对象、感官知觉的观念，并且通过包含它们的概念的统一来有意地识别它们；这种可笑的人被称为“机智”。
Or, conversely, the concept is first present in knowledge, and we pass from it to reality, and to operation upon it, to action: objects which in other respects are fundamentally different, but which are all thought in that one concept, are now regarded and treated in the same way, till, to the surprise and astonishment of the person acting, the great difference of their other aspects appears: this species of the ludicrous is called _folly_.
或者，相反，概念首先出现在知识中，然后我们从它过渡到现实，然后对它进行操作，再到行动：在其他方面根本不同的对象，但它们都是在一个概念中思考的，现在是以同样的方式看待和对待，直到令行动者惊讶和惊讶的是，他们其他方面的巨大差异出现了：这种荒唐的行为被称为“愚蠢”。
Therefore everything ludicrous is either a flash of wit or a foolish action, according as the procedure has been from the discrepancy of the objects to the identity of the concept, or the converse; the former always intentional, the latter always unintentional, and from without.
因此，一切可笑的事情要么是灵机一动，要么是愚蠢的行为，这取决于从对象的差异到概念的同一性的过程，或者反之亦然。前者总是有意的，后者总是无意的，而且来自无意识。
To seem to reverse the starting-point, and to conceal wit with the mask of folly, is the art of the jester and the clown.
似乎颠倒了出发点，用愚蠢的面具掩盖智慧，这就是小丑和小丑的艺术。
Being quite aware of the diversity of the objects, the jester unites them, with secret wit, under one concept, and then starting from this concept he receives from the subsequently discovered diversity of the objects the surprise which he himself prepared.
小丑充分意识到物体的多样性，用秘密的智慧将它们统一在一个概念下，然后从这个概念出发，他从随后发现的物体的多样性中获得了他自己准备的惊喜。
It follows from this short but sufficient theory of the ludicrous, that, if we set aside the last case, that of the jester, wit must always show itself in words, folly generally in actions, though also in words, when it only expresses an intention and does not actually carry it out, or when it shows itself merely in judgments and opinions.
从这个简短但充分的荒唐理论可以得出这样的结论：如果我们抛开最后一个例子，即小丑的例子，机智必定总是在言语中表现出来，愚蠢通常在行动中显现出来，尽管当它只表达一种意思时，也会在言语中表现出来。意图而没有实际执行，或者仅表现在判断和意见中。
 _Pedantry_ is a form of folly.
 _迂腐_是愚蠢的一种形式。
It arises in this way: a man lacks confidence in his own understanding, and, therefore, does not wish to trust to it, to recognise what is right directly in the particular case.
它是这样产生的：一个人对自己的理解缺乏信心，因此不愿意相信它，不愿意在特定情况下直接认识到什么是正确的。
He, therefore, puts it entirely under the control of the reason, and seeks to be guided by reason in everything; that is to say, he tries always to proceed from general concepts, rules, and maxims, and to confine himself strictly to them in life, in art, and even in moral conduct.
因此，他把一切完全置于理性的控制之下，凡事都力求受理性的指导。也就是说，他总是试图从一般的概念、规则和格言出发，并在生活、艺术乃至道德行为中严格限制自己。
Hence that clinging to the form, to the manner, to the expression and word which is characteristic of pedantry, and which with it takes the place of the real nature of the matter.
因此，对形式、方式、表达和言语的执着是迂腐的特征，并随之取代了事物的真实本质。
The incongruity then between the concept and reality soon shows itself here, and it becomes evident that the former never condescends to the particular case, and that with its generality and rigid definiteness it can never accurately apply to the fine distinctions of difference and innumerable modifications of the actual.
概念与现实之间的不协调很快就在这里显现出来，而且很明显，前者从不屈尊于具体情况，而且由于其普遍性和严格的确定性，它永远无法准确地应用于差异的细微差别和无数的修改。实际上。
Therefore, the pedant, with his general maxims, almost always misses the mark in life, shows himself to be foolish, awkward, useless.
因此，学究们虽然遵循他的一般格言，但在生活中几乎总是达不到目标，表现出自己是愚蠢的、笨拙的、无用的。
In art, in which the concept is unfruitful, he produces lifeless, stiff, abortive mannerisms.
在艺术中，概念是没有成果的，他创造出死气沉沉、僵硬、失败的风格。
Even with regard to ethics, the purpose to act rightly or nobly cannot always be carried out in accordance with abstract maxims; for in many cases the excessively nice distinctions in the nature of the circumstances necessitate a choice of the right proceeding directly from the character; for the application of mere abstract maxims sometimes gives false results, because the maxims only half apply; and sometimes cannot be carried out, because they are foreign to the individual character of the actor, and this never allows itself to be entirely discovered; therefore, inconsistencies arise.
即使就道德而言，正确或高尚行事的目的也不能总是按照抽象的准则来实现；因为在许多情况下，环境性质的过度区分使得必须直接从性格出发选择权利。仅仅应用抽象的格言有时会给出错误的结果，因为这些格言只适用了一半；有时无法实现，因为它们与演员的个性格格不入，而这永远不允许自己被完全发现；因此，就会出现不一致的情况。
Since then Kant makes it a condition of the moral worth of an action, that it shall proceed from pure rational abstract maxims, without any inclination or momentary emotion, we cannot entirely absolve him from the reproach of encouraging moral pedantry.
既然康德把一个行为的道德价值的一个条件定为一个行为应从纯粹理性的抽象格言出发，没有任何倾向或瞬间的情感，我们就不能完全免除他鼓励道德迂腐的指责。
This reproach is the significance of Schiller’s epigram, entitled “Scruples of Conscience.” When we speak, especially in connection with politics, of doctrinaires, theorists, savants, and so forth, we mean pedants, that is, persons who know the things well in the abstract, but not in the concrete.
这种责备正是席勒题为《良心的顾忌》的警句的意义所在。当我们谈论教条主义者、理论家、学者等时，尤其是与政治有关的时候，我们指的是学究，即那些对抽象事物了解甚多但对具体事物了解不多的人。
Abstraction consists in thinking away the less general predicates; but it is precisely upon these that so much depends in practice.
抽象在于排除不太一般的谓词。但实践中恰恰取决于这些。
 To complete our theory it remains for us to mention a spurious kind of wit, the play upon words, the _calembourg_, the pun, to which may be added the equivocation, the _double entendre_, the chief use of which is the expression of what is obscene.
为了完善我们的理论，我们还需要提到一种虚假的机智，文字游戏，“calembourg”，双关语，其中可能会添加模棱两可的说法，“双关语”，其主要用途是表达事物的本质。猥亵。
Just as the witticism brings two very different real objects under one concept, the pun brings two different concepts, by the assistance of accident, under one word.
正如俏皮话将两个截然不同的真实对象置于同一个概念之下一样，双关语则借助偶然性将两个不同的概念置于同一个词之下。
The same contrast appears, only familiar and more superficial, because it does not spring from the nature of things, but merely from the accident of nomenclature.
同样的对比也出现了，只不过是熟悉和肤浅的，因为它不是源于事物的本质，而仅仅是源于命名法的偶然。
In the case of the witticism the identity is in the concept, the difference in the reality, but in the case of the pun the difference is in the concepts and the identity in the reality, for the terminology is here the reality.
就俏皮话而言，同一性在于概念，即现实中的差异，但就双关语而言，差异在于概念以及现实中的同一性，因为术语在这里就是现实。
It would only be a somewhat far-fetched comparison if we were to say that the pun is related to the witticism as the parabola (_sic_) of the upper inverted cone to that of the lower.
如果我们说这个双关语与俏皮话有关，就像上倒圆锥体的抛物线（_原文_）与下倒圆锥体的抛物线一样，那么这只是有点牵强的比较。
The misunderstanding of the word or the _quid pro quo_ is the unintentional pun, and is related to it exactly as folly is to wit.
对这个词或“交换条件”的误解是无意识的双关语，并且与它的关系就像愚蠢与智慧一样。
Thus the deaf man often affords occasion for laughter, just as much as the fool, and inferior writers of comedy often use the former for the latter to raise a laugh.
因此，聋子和傻子一样，常常给人们带来笑声，而低劣的喜剧作家常常用前者来为后者带来笑声。
 I have treated laughter here only from the psychical side; with regard to the physical side, I refer to what is said on the subject in the “Parerga,” vol.
我在这里只是从心理的角度来看待笑声。关于物理方面，我参考了“Parerga”卷中有关该主题的内容。
II.
二.
ch.
ch.
vi., § 98.(18)  § 14.
六、§ 98.(18) § 14。
By means of these various discussions it is hoped that both the difference and the relation between the process of knowledge that belongs to the reason, rational knowledge, the concept on the one hand, and the direct knowledge in purely sensuous, mathematical intuition or perception, and apprehension by the understanding on the other hand, has been clearly brought out.
通过这些不同的讨论，希望一方面属于理性、理性知识、概念的知识过程与纯粹感性、数学直觉或知觉中的直接知识之间的区别和关系，另一方面，理解所带来的忧虑，已经被清楚地带出来了。
This remarkable relation of our kinds of knowledge led us almost inevitably to give, in passing, explanations of feeling and of laughter, but from all this we now turn back to the further consideration of science as the third great benefit which reason confers on man, the other two being speech and deliberate action.
我们各种知识之间的这种显着关系导致我们几乎不可避免地要顺便解释一下情感和笑声，但从这一切中我们现在回过头来进一步考虑科学作为理性赋予人类的第三大好处，另外两个是言语和有意的行动。
The general discussion of science which now devolves upon us, will be concerned partly with its form, partly with the foundation of its judgments, and lastly with its content.
现在交给我们的关于科学的一般讨论将部分涉及其形式，部分涉及其判断的基础，最后将涉及其内容。
 We have seen that, with the exception of the basis of pure logic, rational knowledge in general has not its source in the reason itself; but having been otherwise obtained as knowledge of perception, it is stored up in the reason, for through reason it has entirely changed its character, and has become abstract knowledge.
我们已经看到，除了纯逻辑的基础之外，一般理性知识的根源并不在于理性本身，而是在于理性本身。但是，它作为知觉知识以其他方式获得后，却被储存在理性中，因为通过理性，它完全改变了它的性质，变成了抽象知识。
All rational knowledge, that is, knowledge that has been raised to consciousness in the abstract, is related to science strictly so called, as a fragment to the whole.
所有理性知识，即抽象地提升为意识的知识，都严格地与所谓的科学相关，作为整体的碎片。
Every one has gained a rational knowledge of many different things through experience, through consideration of the individual objects presented to him, but only he who sets himself the task of acquiring a complete knowledge in the abstract of a particular class of objects, strives after science.
每个人都通过经验、通过考虑呈现在他面前的单个物体而获得了对许多不同事物的理性知识，但只有那些给自己设定任务以获取某一类特定物体的抽象完整知识的人，才是追求科学的人。 。
This class can only be marked off by means of a concept; therefore, at the beginning of every science there stands a concept, and by means of it the class of objects concerning which this science promises a complete knowledge in the abstract, is separated in thought from the whole world of things.
这个类别只能用概念来划分；因此，在每一门科学的开端都有一个概念，通过这个概念，这门科学承诺对其有完整的抽象知识的对象类别在思想上与整个事物世界分离。
For example, the concept of space-relations, or of the action of unorganised bodies upon each other, or of the nature of plants, or of animals, or of the successive changes of the surface of the globe, or of the changes of the human race as a whole, or of the construction of a language, and so forth.
例如，空间关系的概念，或无组织物体相互作用的概念，或植物或动物的性质，或地球表面的连续变化，或地球表面的变化的概念。人类作为一个整体，或者语言的构建等等。
If science sought to obtain the knowledge of its object, by investigating each individual thing that is thought through the concept, till by degrees it had learned the whole, no human memory would be equal to the task, and no certainty of completeness would be obtainable.
如果科学试图通过研究通过概念思考的每一个个体事物来获得其对象的知识，直到逐渐了解整体，那么人类的记忆将无法胜任这项任务，也无法获得完整性的确定性。
Therefore, it makes use of that property of concept-spheres explained above, that they include each other, and it concerns itself mainly with the wider spheres which lie within the concept of its object in general.
因此，它利用了上面解释的概念领域的属性，即它们相互包含，并且它主要关注位于其一般对象概念内的更广泛的领域。
When the relations of these spheres to each other have been determined, all that is thought in them is also generally determined, and can now be more and more accurately determined by the separation of smaller and smaller concept-spheres.
当这些领域彼此之间的关系被确定后，它们所思考的一切也通常被确定，并且现在可以通过越来越小的概念领域的分离来越来越准确地确定。
In this way it is possible for a science to comprehend its object completely.
这样，一门科学就有可能完全理解它的对象。
This path which it follows to knowledge, the path from the general to the particular, distinguishes it from ordinary rational knowledge; therefore, systematic form is an essential and characteristic feature of science.
它所遵循的通往知识的道路，即从一般到特殊的道路，将其与普通的理性知识区分开来。因此，系统形式是科学的本质和特征。
The combination of the most general concept-spheres of every science, that is, the knowledge of its first principles, is the indispensable condition of mastering it; how far we advance from these to the more special propositions is a matter of choice, and does not increase the thoroughness but only the extent of our knowledge of the science.
每一门科学最普遍的概念领域的结合，即其首要原理的知识，是掌握它的不可或缺的条件。我们从这些到更特殊的命题前进多远是一个选择的问题，并且不会增加彻底性，而只会增加我们对科学知识的程度。
The number of the first principles to which all the rest are subordinated, varies greatly in the different sciences, so that in some there is more subordination, in others more co-ordination; and in this respect, the former make greater claims upon the judgment, the latter upon the memory.
所有其他学科都服从的第一原理的数量在不同的科学中差异很大，因此在某些科学中具有更多的从属性，在另一些科学中具有更多的协调性；在这方面，前者对判断的要求更大，后者对记忆的要求更大。
It was known to the schoolmen,(19) that, as the syllogism requires two premises, no science can proceed from a single first principle which cannot be the subject of further deduction, but must have several, at least two.
经院学者们知道，(19)，由于三段论需要两个前提，所以任何科学都不能从单一的第一原理出发，它不能成为进一步演绎的主题，而必须有几个，至少两个。
The specially classifying sciences: Zoology, Botany, and also Physics and Chemistry, inasmuch as they refer all inorganic action to a few fundamental forces, have most subordination; history, on the other hand, has really none at all; for the general in it consists merely in the survey of the principal periods, from which, however, the particular events cannot be deduced, and are only subordinated to them according to time, but according to the concept are co-ordinate with them.
特别分类的科学：动物学、植物学，以及物理和化学，因为它们将所有无机行为归结于一些基本力，因此具有最大的从属性；另一方面，历史却根本没有。因为它的一般性仅在于对主要时期的考察，然而，不能从中推断出具体事件，并且仅根据时间从属于它们，但根据概念与它们并列。
Therefore, history, strictly speaking, is certainly rational knowledge, but is not science.
因此，历史严格地说，当然是理性知识，但不是科学。
In mathematics, according to Euclid’s treatment, the axioms alone are indemonstrable first principles, and all demonstrations are in gradation strictly subordinated to them.
在数学中，根据欧几里得的处理，公理本身就是不可证明的第一原理，所有的证明都严格服从于它们。
But this method of treatment is not essential to mathematics, and in fact each proposition introduces quite a new space construction, which in itself is independent of those which precede it, and indeed can be completely comprehended from itself, quite independently of them, in the pure intuition or perception of space, in which the most complicated construction is just as directly evident as the axiom; but of this more fully hereafter.
但这种处理方法对于数学来说并不是必不可少的，事实上，每个命题都引入了一种相当新的空间构造，它本身独立于它之前的那些命题，而且实际上可以完全独立于它们本身来理解，在纯粹的直觉或空间感知，其中最复杂的构造就像公理一样直接明显；但此后会更全面地讨论这一点。
Meanwhile every mathematical proposition remains always a universal truth, which is valid for innumerable particular cases; and a graduated process from the simple to the complicated propositions which are to be deduced from them, is also essential to mathematics; therefore, in every respect mathematics is a science.
与此同时，每个数学命题始终是普遍真理，对于无数特殊情况都有效。从简单到复杂的命题的渐进过程对于数学来说也是至关重要的。因此，数学在各个方面都是一门科学。
The completeness of a science as such, that is, in respect of form, consists in there being as much subordination and as little co-ordination of the principles as possible.
一门科学本身的完整性，即就形式而言，在于原理之间尽可能多的从属关系和尽可能少的协调。
Scientific talent in general is, therefore, the faculty of subordinating the concept-spheres according to their different determinations, so that, as Plato repeatedly counsels, a science shall not be constituted by a general concept and an indefinite multiplicity immediately under it, but that knowledge shall descend by degrees from the general to the particular, through intermediate concepts and divisions, according to closer and closer definitions.
因此，一般而言，科学才能是根据概念领域的不同决定来使概念领域处于从属地位的能力，因此，正如柏拉图反复劝告的那样，一门科学不应由一个一般概念和紧随其下的无限多样性构成，而是由知识应根据越来越接近的定义，通过中间概念和划分，从一般到特殊。
In Kantian language this is called satisfying equally the law of homogeneity and that of specification.
用康德的语言来说，这被称为同时满足同质性定律和规范性定律。
It arises from this peculiar nature of scientific completeness, that the aim of science is not greater certainty—for certainty may be possessed in just as high a degree by the most disconnected particular knowledge—but its aim is rather the facilitating of rational knowledge by means of its form, and the possibility of the completeness of rational knowledge which this form affords.
由于科学完整性的这种特殊性质，科学的目标不是更大的确定性——因为最不相关的特定知识也可以在很大程度上拥有确定性——而是它的目标是通过手段促进理性知识的发展。它的形式，以及这种形式所提供的理性知识的完整性的可能性。
It is therefore a very prevalent but perverted opinion that the scientific character of knowledge consists in its greater certainty, and just as false is the conclusion following from this, that, strictly speaking, the only sciences are mathematics and logic, because only in them, on account of their purely _a priori_ character, is there unassailable certainty of knowledge.
因此，一种非常普遍但曲解的观点认为，知识的科学特征在于其更大的确定性，而由此得出的结论同样错误，即严格地说，唯一的科学是数学和逻辑，因为只有在它们中，由于它们纯粹是先验的特征，知识就具有无懈可击的确定性。
This advantage cannot be denied them, but it gives them no special claim to be regarded as sciences; for the special characteristic of science does not lie in certainty but in the systematic form of knowledge, based on the gradual descent from the general to the particular.
不能否认他们的这一优势，但这并没有使他们有特殊的权利被视为科学。因为科学的特殊性不在于确定性，而在于知识的系统形式，其基础是从一般到特殊的逐渐下降。
The process of knowledge from the general to the particular, which is peculiar to the sciences, involves the necessity that in the sciences much should be established by deduction from preceding propositions, that is to say, by demonstration; and this has given rise to the old mistake that only what has been demonstrated is absolutely true, and that every truth requires a demonstration; whereas, on the contrary, every demonstration requires an undemonstrated truth, which ultimately supports it, or it may be, its own demonstration.
知识从一般到特殊的过程是科学所特有的，它涉及到这样的必要性：在科学中，许多东西应该通过从前面的命题中演绎出来，也就是说，通过证明来建立；这就产生了一个古老的错误，即只有被证明的才是绝对正确的，并且每一个真理都需要证明；相反，每一个论证都需要一个未经论证的真理，而这个真理最终支持它，或者它可能是它自己的论证。
Therefore a directly established truth is as much to be preferred to a truth established by demonstration as water from the spring is to water from the aqueduct.
因此，直接确立的真理比通过论证确立的真理更受青睐，就像泉水优于渡槽的水一样。
Perception, partly pure _a priori_, as it forms the basis of mathematics, partly empirical _a posteriori_, as it forms the basis of all the other sciences, is the source of all truth and the foundation of all science.
知觉部分是纯粹的先验的，因为它构成了数学的基础，部分是经验的后验的，因为它构成了所有其他科学的基础，是所有真理的源泉和所有科学的基础。
(Logic alone is to be excepted, which is not founded upon perception but yet upon _direct_ knowledge by the reason of its own laws.) Not the demonstrated judgments nor their demonstrations, but judgments which are created directly out of perception, and founded upon it rather than on any demonstrations, are to science what the sun is to the world; for all light proceeds from them, and lighted by their light the others give light also.
（只有逻辑是例外，它不是建立在知觉的基础上，而是建立在其自身法则的理性的_直接_知识之上。）不是证明的判断或其论证，而是直接从知觉中创造出来并建立在知觉之上的判断。与其说是任何论证，不如说是科学之于太阳，就像太阳之于世界一样；因为所有的光都从它们发出，并且被它们的光照亮，其他的光也发出光。
To establish the truth of such primary judgments directly from perception, to raise such strongholds of science from the innumerable multitude of real objects, that is the work of the _faculty of judgment_, which consists in the power of rightly and accurately carrying over into abstract consciousness what is known in perception, and judgment is consequently the mediator between understanding and reason.
直接从知觉中确立这种基本判断的真实性，从无数的真实物体中建立起科学的堡垒，这就是_判断力_的工作，它包括正确而准确地转化为抽象意识的能力因此，感知和判断是理解和理性之间的中介。
Only extraordinary and exceptional strength of judgment in the individual can actually advance science; but every one who is possessed of a healthy reason is able to deduce propositions from propositions, to demonstrate, to draw conclusions.
只有个人非凡的判断力才能真正推动科学的发展；但每一个拥有健全理性的人都能够从命题中推导出命题、进行论证、得出结论。
To lay down and make permanent for reflection, in suitable concepts, what is known through perception, so that, on the one hand, what is common to many real objects is thought through _one_ concept, and, on the other hand, their points of difference are each thought through one concept, so that the different shall be known and thought as different in spite of a partial agreement, and the identical shall be known and thought as identical in spite of a partial difference, all in accordance with the end and intention which in each case is in view; all this is done by the _faculty of judgment_.
在适当的概念中，通过感知而知道的东西被放置并永久地用于反思，这样，一方面，许多真实物体的共同点是通过一个概念来思考的，另一方面，它们的观点差异是通过一个概念来思考的，因此，尽管有部分一致，但不同的应被认识并被认为是不同的，尽管有部分差异，相同的也应被认识并被认为是相同的，所有这些都符合最终和在每种情况下都考虑到的意图；所有这一切都是由_判断力_完成的。
Deficiency in judgment is _silliness_.
缺乏判断力就是_愚蠢_。
The silly man fails to grasp, now the partial or relative difference of concepts which in one aspect are identical, now the identity of concepts which are relatively or partially different.
愚蠢的人无法理解，一方面是相同的概念的部分或相对差异，另一方面是相对或部分不同的概念的同一性。
To this explanation of the faculty of judgment, moreover, Kant’s division of it into reflecting and subsuming judgment may be applied, according as it passes from the perceived objects to the concepts, or from the latter to the former; in both cases always mediating between empirical knowledge of the understanding and the reflective knowledge of the reason.
此外，对于这种对判断能力的解释，康德将其分为反思判断和包容判断，可以根据它从感知对象到概念，或从后者到前者的过程来应用。在这两种情况下，总是在理解的经验知识和理性的反思知识之间进行调解。
There can be no truth which could be brought out by means of syllogisms alone; and the necessity of establishing truth by means of syllogisms is merely relative, indeed subjective.
仅仅通过三段论不可能得出任何真理。通过三段论确立真理的必要性只是相对的，实际上是主观的。
Since all demonstration is syllogistic, in the case of a new truth we must first seek, not for a demonstration, but for direct evidence, and only in the absence of such evidence is a demonstration to be temporarily made use of.
由于所有的论证都是三段论的，所以对于一个新的真理，我们首先必须寻求的不是论证，而是直接的证据，只有在没有这种证据的情况下，才可以暂时使用论证。
No science is susceptible of demonstration throughout any more than a building can stand in the air; all its demonstrations must ultimately rest upon what is perceived, and consequently cannot be demonstrated, for the whole world of reflection rests upon and is rooted in the world of perception.
任何科学都无法被证明，正如建筑物无法矗立在空中一样。它的所有论证最终都必须基于所感知的事物，因此无法被论证，因为整个反思世界都依赖于并植根于感知世界。
All primal, that is, original, _evidence_ is a _perception_, as the word itself indicates.
所有原始的，即原始的，_证据_都是一种_感知_，正如这个词本身所表明的那样。
Therefore it is either empirical or founded upon the perception _a priori_ of the conditions of possible experience.
因此，它要么是经验性的，要么是建立在对可能经验条件的先验感知之上的。
In both cases it affords only immanent, not transcendent knowledge.
在这两种情况下，它只提供内在的知识，而不提供先验的知识。
Every concept has its worth and its existence only in its relation, sometimes very indirect, to an idea of perception; what is true of the concepts is also true of the judgments constructed out of them, and of all science.
每个概念只有在与感知观念的关系中（有时是非常间接的）才具有其价值和存在。适用于这些概念的，也适用于根据它们构建的判断以及所有科学。
Therefore it must in some way be possible to know directly without demonstrations or syllogisms every truth that is arrived at through syllogisms and communicated by demonstrations.
因此，必须以某种方式无需论证或三段论而直接了解通过三段论得出并通过论证传达的每一个真理。
This is most difficult in the case of certain complicated mathematical propositions at which we only arrive by chains of syllogisms; for example, the calculation of the chords and tangents to all arcs by deduction from the proposition of Pythagoras.
这在某些复杂的数学命题的情况下是最困难的，我们只能通过三段论链得出这些命题。例如，通过毕达哥拉斯命题的推导来计算所有弧的弦和切线。
But even such a truth as this cannot essentially and solely rest upon abstract principles, and the space-relations which lie at its foundation also must be capable of being so presented _a priori_ in pure intuition or perception that the truth of their abstract expression is directly established.
但即使是这样的真理，也不能本质上且仅仅依赖于抽象原理，作为其基础的空间关系也必须能够在纯粹的直觉或知觉中先验地呈现出来，以至于它们的抽象表达的真理直接是已确立的。
But of mathematical demonstration we shall speak more fully shortly.
但关于数学证明，我们很快就会更全面地讨论。
 It is true we often hear men speak in a lofty strain of sciences which rest entirely upon correct conclusions drawn from sure premises, and which are consequently unassailable.
确实，我们经常听到人们谈论崇高的科学，这些科学完全依赖于从某些前提得出的正确结论，因此是无懈可击的。
But through pure logical reasoning, however true the premises may be, we shall never receive more than an articulate expression and exposition of what lies already complete in the premises; thus we shall only _explicitly_ expound what was already _implicitly_ understood.
但是，通过纯粹的逻辑推理，无论前提多么真实，我们都只能得到对前提中已经完成的内容的清晰表达和解释。因此，我们只会_明确地_阐述已经_隐含地_理解的内容。
The esteemed sciences referred to are, however, specially the mathematical sciences, particularly astronomy.
然而，所指的受人尊敬的科学特别是数学科学，特别是天文学。
But the certainty of astronomy arises from the fact that it has for its basis the intuition or perception of space, which is given _a priori_, and is therefore infallible.
但天文学的确定性源于这样一个事实：它以对空间的直觉或感知为基础，而这种直觉或感知是先验的，因此是无误的。
All space-relations, however, follow from each other with a necessity (ground of being) which affords _a priori_ certainty, and they can therefore be safely deduced from each other.
然而，所有的空间关系都以一种必然性（存在的基础）相互遵循，这种必然性提供了先验的确定性，因此它们可以安全地从彼此推断出来。
To these mathematical properties we have only to add one force of nature, gravity, which acts precisely in relation to the masses and the square of the distance; and, lastly, the law of inertia, which follows from the law of causality and is therefore true _a priori_, and with it the empirical datum of the motion impressed, once for all, upon each of these masses.
对于这些数学属性，我们只需添加一种自然力，即重力，它的作用精确地与质量和距离的平方有关；最后，惯性定律是从因果律得出的，因此是先验的，随之而来的运动的经验数据也一劳永逸地印在每个质量上。
This is the whole material of astronomy, which both by its simplicity and its certainty leads to definite results, which are highly interesting on account of the vastness and importance of the objects.
这是天文学的全部材料，它的简单性和确定性都导致了明确的结果，由于天体的巨大和重要性，这些结果非常有趣。
For example, if I know the mass of a planet and the distance of its satellite from it, I can tell with certainty the period of the revolution of the latter according to Kepler’s second law.
例如，如果我知道一颗行星的质量和它的卫星与它的距离，我就可以根据开普勒第二定律确定地知道后者的公转周期。
But the ground of this law is, that with this distance only this velocity will both chain the satellite to the planet and prevent it from falling into it.
但该定律的基础是，在这个距离下，只有这个速度才能将卫星链接到行星上并防止其坠入行星。
Thus it is only upon such a geometrical basis, that is, by means of an intuition or perception _a priori_, and also under the application of a law of nature, that much can be arrived at by means of syllogisms, for here they are merely like bridges from _one_ sensuous apprehension to others; but it is not so with mere pure syllogistic reasoning in the exclusively logical method.
因此，只有在这样的几何基础上，即通过先验的直觉或知觉，并且在自然法则的应用下，才能通过三段论得出许多结论，因为在这里它们仅仅是就像从一个人的感性理解到他人的桥梁；但纯粹的逻辑方法中的纯粹三段论推理则不然。
The source of the first fundamental truths of astronomy is, however, properly induction, that is, the comprehension of what is given in many perceptions in one true and directly founded judgment.
然而，天文学第一个基本真理的来源是正确的归纳，即在一个真实的、直接建立的判断中对许多感知中给出的内容的理解。
From this, hypotheses are afterwards constructed, and their confirmation by experience, as induction approaching to completeness, affords the proof of the first judgment.
由此，随后构建假设，并通过经验对它们进行确认，作为接近完整性的归纳法，提供了第一个判断的证明。
For example, the apparent motion of the planets is known empirically; after many false hypotheses with regard to the spacial connection of this motion (planetary course) the right one was at last found, then the laws which it obeyed (the laws of Kepler), and, lastly, the cause of these laws (universal gravitation), and the empirically known agreement of all observed cases with the whole of the hypotheses, and with their consequences, that is to say, induction, established them with complete certainty.
例如，行星的视运动是凭经验得知的；在对这一运动（行星轨道）的空间联系提出了许多错误的假设之后，最终找到了正确的假设，然后是它所遵循的定律（开普勒定律），最后是这些定律的原因（万有引力） ），以及所有观察到的案例与整个假设及其后果的经验上已知的一致性，即归纳法，完全确定地建立了它们。
The invention of the hypotheses was the work of the judgment, which rightly comprehended the given facts and expressed them accordingly; but induction, that is, a multitude of perceptions, confirmed their truth.
假设的发明是判断的工作，判断正确地理解了给定的事实并相应地表达了它们；但是归纳法，即大量的感知，证实了它们的真实性。
But their truth could also be known directly, and by a single empirical perception, if we could pass freely through space and had telescopic eyes.
但如果我们能够自由地穿越空间并拥有望远镜的话，它们的真相也可以通过单一的经验感知来直接了解。
Therefore, here also syllogisms are not the essential and only source of knowledge, but really only a makeshift.
因此，在这里三段论也不是知识的本质和唯一来源，而实际上只是一种权宜之计。
 As a third example taken from a different sphere we may mention that the so-called metaphysical truths, that is, such truths as those to which Kant assigns the position of the metaphysical first principles of natural science, do not owe their evidence to demonstration.
作为来自不同领域的第三个例子，我们可以提到所谓的形而上学真理，即康德赋予自然科学形而上学第一原理地位的真理，其证据并不依赖于论证。
What is _a priori_ certain we know directly; as the form of all knowledge, it is known to us with the most complete necessity.
我们直接知道什么是先验确定的；作为所有知识的形式，我们以最完全的必要性来认识它。
For example, that matter is permanent, that is, can neither come into being nor pass away, we know directly as negative truth; for our pure intuition or perception of space and time gives the possibility of motion; in the law of causality the understanding affords us the possibility of change of form and quality, but we lack powers of the imagination for conceiving the coming into being or passing away of matter.
例如，物质是恒常的，即既不生也不灭，我们直接知道为否定真理；因为我们对空间和时间的纯粹直觉或感知赋予了运动的可能性；在因果律中，知性为我们提供了形式和质量变化的可能性，但我们缺乏想象物质的生成或消逝的能力。
Therefore that truth has at all times been evident to all men everywhere, nor has it ever been seriously doubted; and this could not be the case if it had no other ground of knowledge than the abstruse and exceedingly subtle proof of Kant.
因此，这一真理在任何时候、任何地方的所有人都是显而易见的，也从未受到过认真的怀疑。如果除了康德深奥而极其微妙的证明之外没有其他知识基础，情况就不可能是这样。
But besides this, I have found Kant’s proof to be false (as is explained in the Appendix), and have shown above that the permanence of matter is to be deduced, not from the share which time has in the possibility of experience, but from the share which belongs to space.
但除此之外，我发现康德的证明是错误的（如附录中所解释的），并且上面已经表明，物质的持久性不是从时间在经验可能性中所占的份额来推断的，而是从属于空间的共享。
The true foundation of all truths which in this sense are called metaphysical, that is, abstract expressions of the necessary and universal forms of knowledge, cannot itself lie in abstract principles; but only in the immediate consciousness of the forms of the idea communicating itself in apodictic assertions _a priori_, and fearing no refutation.
所有真理的真正基础，在这个意义上被称为形而上学，即知识的必然和普遍形式的抽象表达，其本身不可能存在于抽象原则中；但只是在对思想形式的直接意识中，这种思想以先验的肯定断言来传达自己，并且不担心被反驳。
But if we yet desire to give a proof of them, it can only consist in showing that what is to be proved is contained in some truth about which there is no doubt, either as a part of it or as a presupposition.
但是，如果我们还想证明它们，那只能在于表明要证明的东西包含在某种毫无疑问的真理中，无论是作为真理的一部分还是作为前提。
Thus, for example, I have shown that all empirical perception implies the application of the law of causality, the knowledge of which is hence a condition of all experience, and therefore cannot be first given and conditioned through experience as Hume thought.
因此，例如，我已经表明，所有经验知觉都意味着因果律的应用，因此因果律的知识是所有经验的条件，因此不能像休谟所认为的那样首先通过经验给出和制约。
Demonstrations in general are not so much for those who wish to learn as for those who wish to dispute.
一般来说，示威活动与其说是针对那些想要学习的人，不如说是针对那些想要争论的人。
Such persons stubbornly deny directly established insight; now only the truth can be consistent in all directions, and therefore we must show such persons that they admit under _one_ form and indirectly, what they deny under another form and directly; that is, the logically necessary connection between what is denied and what is admitted.
这些人固执地否认直接确立的洞察力；现在只有真理才能在各个方向上保持一致，因此我们必须向这些人表明，他们以一种形式间接承认他们以另一种形式直接否认的东西；也就是说，被否认的事物和被承认的事物之间存在逻辑上必然的联系。
 It is also a consequence of the scientific form, the subordination of everything particular under a general, and so on always to what is more general, that the truth of many propositions is only logically proved,—that is, through their dependence upon other propositions, through syllogisms, which at the same time appear as proofs.
这也是科学形式的结果，即一切特殊事物都服从于一般事物，并且总是服从于更普遍的事物，因此许多命题的真实性只能在逻辑上得到证明，即通过它们对其他命题的依赖，通过三段论，同时作为证明出现。
But we must never forget that this whole form of science is merely a means of rendering knowledge more easy, not a means to greater certainty.
但我们决不能忘记，整个科学形式仅仅是使知识变得更容易的一种手段，而不是获得更大确定性的手段。
It is easier to discover the nature of an animal, by means of the species to which it belongs, and so on through the genus, family, order, and class, than to examine on every occasion the animal presented to us: but the truth of all propositions arrived at syllogistically is always conditioned by and ultimately dependent upon some truth which rests not upon reasoning but upon perception.
通过动物所属的物种，等等通过属、科、目和纲来发现动物的本质，比检查动物呈现给我们的每一个场合更容易：但事实是通过三段论得出的所有命题总是以某种真理为条件并最终依赖于某种真理，而这种真理不依赖于推理，而是依赖于感知。
If this perception were always as much within our reach as a deduction through syllogisms, then it would be in every respect preferable.
如果这种感知总是像通过三段论进行演绎一样在我们的能力范围之内，那么它在各个方面都会更好。
For every deduction from concepts is exposed to great danger of error, on account of the fact we have considered above, that so many spheres lie partly within each other, and that their content is often vague or uncertain.
因为从概念中进行的每一次推论都面临着巨大的错误危险，因为我们上面已经考虑过这样一个事实，即如此多的领域部分地相互重叠，而且它们的内容往往是模糊的或不确定的。
This is illustrated by a multitude of demonstrations of false doctrines and sophisms of every kind.
大量的错误学说和各种诡辩就说明了这一点。
Syllogisms are indeed perfectly certain as regards form, but they are very uncertain on account of their matter, the concepts.
三段论在形式上确实是完全确定的，但就其内容（即概念）而言却非常不确定。
For, on the one hand, the spheres of these are not sufficiently sharply defined, and, on the other hand, they intersect each other in so many ways that one sphere is in part contained in many others, and we may pass at will from it to one or another of these, and from this sphere again to others, as we have already shown.
因为，一方面，这些领域的定义不够明确，另一方面，它们以多种方式相互交叉，以至于一个领域部分包含在许多其他领域中，我们可以随意从正如我们已经表明的那样，它可以转移到其中的一个或另一个，然后再从这个领域转移到其他领域。
Or, in other words, the minor term and also the middle can always be subordinated to different concepts, from which we may choose at will the major and the middle, and the nature of the conclusion depends on this choice.
或者换句话说，小项和中项总是可以隶属于不同的概念，我们可以从中随意选择大项和中项，而结论的性质取决于这种选择。
Consequently immediate evidence is always much to be preferred to reasoned truth, and the latter is only to be accepted when the former is too remote, and not when it is as near or indeed nearer than the latter.
因此，直接的证据总是比推理的真理更受青睐，而后者只有在前者太遥远时才被接受，而不是在它与后者一样接近或确实更接近时才被接受。
Accordingly we saw above that, as a matter of fact, in the case of logic, in which the immediate knowledge in each individual case lies nearer to hand than deduced scientific knowledge, we always conduct our thought according to our immediate knowledge of the laws of thought, and leave logic unused.(20)  § 15.
因此，我们在上面看到，事实上，在逻辑的情况下，每个个体的直接知识比推导出来的科学知识更接近于手边，我们总是根据我们对逻辑法则的直接知识来进行我们的思考。思考，不使用逻辑。(20) § 15。
If now with our conviction that perception is the primary source of all evidence, and that only direct or indirect connection with it is absolute truth; and further, that the shortest way to this is always the surest, as every interposition of concepts means exposure to many deceptions; if, I say, we now turn with this conviction to mathematics, as it was established as a science by Euclid, and has remained as a whole to our own day, we cannot help regarding the method it adopts, as strange and indeed perverted.
如果现在我们坚信感知是所有证据的主要来源，并且只有与之直接或间接的联系才是绝对真理；此外，实现这一点的最短方法始终是最可靠的，因为每一次概念的插入都意味着暴露于许多欺骗之中；我说，如果我们现在怀着这样的信念转向数学，因为它是由欧几里得确立为一门科学的，而且至今仍然作为一个整体存在，我们不禁会认为它所采用的方法是奇怪的，而且实际上是扭曲的。
We ask that every logical proof shall be traced back to an origin in perception; but mathematics, on the contrary, is at great pains deliberately to throw away the evidence of perception which is peculiar to it, and always at hand, that it may substitute for it a logical demonstration.
我们要求每一个逻辑证明都应追溯到感知的起源；但数学恰恰相反，它煞费苦心地故意抛弃它所特有的、随时可用的知觉证据，以便用逻辑证明来代替它。
This must seem to us like the action of a man who cuts off his legs in order to go on crutches, or like that of the prince in the “_Triumph der Empfindsamkeit_” who flees from the beautiful reality of nature, to delight in a stage scene that imitates it.
在我们看来，这一定像是一个人为了拄着拐杖而砍断双腿的行为，或者像《成功的胜利》中王子逃离美丽的自然现实，去享受舞台的行为。模仿它的场景。
I must here refer to what I have said in the sixth chapter of the essay on the principle of sufficient reason, and take for granted that it is fresh and present in the memory of the reader; so that I may link my observations on to it without explaining again the difference between the mere ground of knowledge of a mathematical truth, which can be given logically, and the ground of being, which is the immediate connection of the parts of space and time, known only in perception.
在这里，我必须参考我在文章第六章中所说的充足理由原则，并且理所当然地认为它是新鲜的并且存在于读者的记忆中；这样我就可以将我的观察与它联系起来，而无需再次解释数学真理的纯粹知识基础（可以逻辑地给出）与存在的基础（空间和时间部分的直接联系）之间的区别，仅在感知中已知。
It is only insight into the ground of being that secures satisfaction and thorough knowledge.
只有洞察存在的基础才能获得满足和透彻的知识。
The mere ground of knowledge must always remain superficial; it can afford us indeed rational knowledge _that_ a thing is as it is, but it cannot tell _why_ it is so.
知识的基础永远只能是肤浅的；它确实可以为我们提供理性知识，让我们知道事物是这样的，但它不能告诉我们为什么会这样。
Euclid chose the latter way to the obvious detriment of the science.
欧几里得选择了后一种方式，这显然损害了科学。
For just at the beginning, for example, when he ought to show once for all how in a triangle the angles and sides reciprocally determine each other, and stand to each other in the relation of reason and consequent, in accordance with the form which the principle of sufficient reason has in pure space, and which there, as in every other sphere, always affords the necessity that a thing is as it is, because something quite different from it, is as it is; instead of in this way giving a thorough insight into the nature of the triangle, he sets up certain disconnected arbitrarily chosen propositions concerning the triangle, and gives a logical ground of knowledge of them, through a laborious logical demonstration, based upon the principle of contradiction.
例如，就在开始时，他应该一劳永逸地展示三角形中的角和边如何相互确定，并按照理性和结果的关系彼此站立，按照三角形的形式。充分理由原则在纯粹空间中具有，并且像在其他任何领域一样，它总是提供了事物如其所是的必然性，因为与它完全不同的事物如其所是。他没有以这种方式彻底洞察三角形的本质，而是提出了一些关于三角形的、互不相连的、任意选择的命题，并通过基于矛盾原理的艰苦的逻辑论证，给出了这些命题的逻辑基础。 。
Instead of an exhaustive knowledge of these space-relations we therefore receive merely certain results of them, imparted to us at pleasure, and in fact we are very much in the position of a man to whom the different effects of an ingenious machine are shown, but from whom its inner connection and construction are withheld.
因此，我们并没有获得这些空间关系的详尽知识，而只是得到它们的某些结果，这些结果是随意传授给我们的，事实上，我们处于一个人的位置，一台巧妙的机器向我们展示了不同的效果，但它的内在联系和结构却被隐瞒了。
We are compelled by the principle of contradiction to admit that what Euclid demonstrates is true, but we do not comprehend _why_ it is so.
矛盾原理迫使我们承认欧几里得所证明的是正确的，但我们不明白为什么会这样。
We have therefore almost the same uncomfortable feeling that we experience after a juggling trick, and, in fact, most of Euclid’s demonstrations are remarkably like such feats.
因此，我们几乎有与杂耍戏法后所经历的同样的不舒服的感觉，事实上，欧几里得的大多数演示都非常像这样的壮举。
The truth almost always enters by the back door, for it manifests itself _per accidens_ through some contingent circumstance.
真相几乎总是从后门进入，因为它偶尔会通过某种偶然情况显现出来。
Often a _reductio ad absurdum_ shuts all the doors one after another, until only one is left through which we are therefore compelled to enter.
通常，“归谬法”会一扇又一扇地关闭所有的门，直到只剩下一扇我们因此被迫进入的门。
Often, as in the proposition of Pythagoras, lines are drawn, we don’t know why, and it afterwards appears that they were traps which close unexpectedly and take prisoner the assent of the astonished learner, who must now admit what remains wholly inconceivable in its inner connection, so much so, that he may study the whole of Euclid through and through without gaining a real insight into the laws of space-relations, but instead of them he only learns by heart certain results which follow from them.
通常，就像毕达哥拉斯的命题一样，我们不知道为什么会划出界线，后来看来，它们是陷阱，出人意料地关闭，并俘获了惊讶的学习者的同意，他们现在必须承认在数学中仍然完全不可想象的东西。它的内在联系如此之大，以至于他可以彻底地研究整个欧几里得，而无需真正洞察空间关系定律，但他只是记住了它们所得出的某些结果。
This specially empirical and unscientific knowledge is like that of the doctor who knows both the disease and the cure for it, but does not know the connection between them.
这种特殊的经验性的、非科学的知识，就像医生既知道疾病又知道治疗方法，但不知道它们之间的联系一样。
But all this is the necessary consequence if we capriciously reject the special kind of proof and evidence of one species of knowledge, and forcibly introduce in its stead a kind which is quite foreign to its nature.
但是，如果我们反复无常地拒绝某一类知识的特殊证明和证据，并强行引入一种与其本质完全陌生的证明和证据来代替它，那么所有这一切都是必然的结果。
However, in other respects the manner in which this has been accomplished by Euclid deserves all the praise which has been bestowed on him through so many centuries, and which has been carried so far that his method of treating mathematics has been set up as the pattern of all scientific exposition.
然而，在其他方面，欧几里得实现这一目标的方式值得所有几个世纪以来人们对他的赞扬，而且这种赞扬一直持续到他处理数学的方法已被确立为模式。所有科学博览会。
Men tried indeed to model all the sciences after it, but later they gave up the attempt without quite knowing why.
人们确实试图模仿它来建立所有的科学，但后来他们放弃了这种尝试，但不知道为什么。
Yet in our eyes this method of Euclid in mathematics can appear only as a very brilliant piece of perversity.
然而，在我们看来，欧几里得的这种数学方法只能表现为一种非常出色的反常现象。
But when a great error in life or in science has been intentionally and methodically carried out with universal applause, it is always possible to discover its source in the philosophy which prevailed at the time.
但是，当生活或科学中的一个重大错误被有意而有条不紊地实施并受到普遍喝彩时，总是有可能在当时盛行的哲学中发现其根源。
The Eleatics first brought out the difference, and indeed often the conflict, that exists between what is perceived, φαινομενον,(21) and what is thought, νουμενον, and used it in many ways in their philosophical epigrams, and also in sophisms.
埃利亚学派首先提出了感知事物 φαινομενον (21) 与思想事物 νουμενον 之间存在的差异，实际上常常是冲突，并在他们的哲学警句和诡辩中以多种方式使用它。
They were followed later by the Megarics, the Dialecticians, the Sophists, the New-Academy, and the Sceptics; these drew attention to the illusion, that is to say, to the deception of the senses, or rather of the understanding which transforms the data of the senses into perception, and which often causes us to see things to which the reason unhesitatingly denies reality; for example, a stick broken in water, and such like.
紧随其后的是麦伽学派、辩证学派、智者派、新学院派和怀疑论者。这些引起人们对幻觉的关注，也就是说，对感官的欺骗，或者更确切地说，对将感官数据转化为知觉的理解的欺骗，这常常使我们看到理性毫不犹豫地否认现实的事物；例如，一根棍子在水中折断等。
It came to be known that sense-perception was not to be trusted unconditionally, and it was therefore hastily concluded that only rational, logical thought could establish truth; although Plato (in the Parmenides), the Megarics, Pyrrho, and the New-Academy, showed by examples (in the manner which was afterwards adopted by Sextus Empiricus) how syllogisms and concepts were also sometimes misleading, and indeed produced paralogisms and sophisms which arise much more easily and are far harder to explain than the illusion of sense-perception.
人们逐渐认识到，感官知觉并不是无条件可信的，因此仓促得出结论：只有理性、逻辑思维才能确立真理；尽管柏拉图（在《巴门尼德》中）、梅伽里学派、皮浪学派和新学院学派都通过实例（后来被塞克斯图斯·经验派采用的方式）表明三段论和概念有时也具有误导性，并且确实产生了旁白和诡辩，比感官知觉的幻觉更容易出现，也更难解释。
However, this rationalism, which arose in opposition to empiricism, kept the upper hand, and Euclid constructed the science of mathematics in accordance with it.
然而，这种反对经验主义的理性主义占据了上风，欧几里得根据它构建了数学科学。
He was compelled by necessity to found the axioms upon evidence of perception (φαινομενον), but all the rest he based upon reasoning (νουμενον).
他被迫在感知证据（φαινομενον）的基础上发现公理，但其余的一切他都基于推理（νουμενον）。
His method reigned supreme through all the succeeding centuries, and it could not but do so as long as pure intuition or perception, _a priori_, was not distinguished from empirical perception.
他的方法在随后的几个世纪中占据了至高无上的地位，只要纯粹的直觉或知觉（先验的）不与经验知觉区分开来，它就只能如此。
Certain passages from the works of Proclus, the commentator of Euclid, which Kepler translated into Latin in his book, “De Harmonia Mundi,” seem to show that he fully recognised this distinction.
开普勒在其著作《De Harmonia Mundi》中将欧几里得的注释者普罗克洛斯的著作中的某些段落翻译成拉丁文，似乎表明他完全认识到这种区别。
But Proclus did not attach enough importance to the matter; he merely mentioned it by the way, so that he remained unnoticed and accomplished nothing.
但普罗克洛斯对此事并没有给予足够的重视；他只是顺便提一下，因此没有引起人们的注意，也没有取得任何成果。
Therefore, not till two thousand years later will the doctrine of Kant, which is destined to make such great changes in all the knowledge, thought, and action of European nations, produce this change in mathematics also.
因此，直到两千多年后，康德的学说注定要使欧洲各国的所有知识、思想和行动发生如此巨大的变化，才会在数学上产生这种变化。
For it is only after we have learned from this great man that the intuitions or perceptions of space and time are quite different from empirical perceptions, entirely independent of any impression of the senses, conditioning it, not conditioned by it, _i.e._, are _a priori_, and therefore are not exposed to the illusions of sense; only after we have learned this, I say, can we comprehend that Euclid’s logical method of treating mathematics is a useless precaution, a crutch for sound legs, that it is like a wanderer who during the night mistakes a bright, firm road for water, and carefully avoiding it, toils over the broken ground beside it, content to keep from point to point along the edge of the supposed water.
因为只有在我们从这位伟人那里了解到，对空间和时间的直觉或知觉与经验知觉完全不同，完全独立于任何感官印象，制约它，而不是受它制约，即，是先验的，因此不会受到感官错觉的影响；我说，只有在我们了解了这一点之后，我们才能理解欧几里得对待数学的逻辑方法是一种无用的预防措施，是健康双腿的拐杖，就像一个在夜间将明亮、坚固的道路误认为是水的流浪者，小心翼翼地避开它，在它旁边的破碎地面上辛苦劳作，满足于沿着所谓的水边从一点到另一点。
Only now can we affirm with certainty that what presents itself to us as necessary in the perception of a figure, does not come from the figure on the paper, which is perhaps very defectively drawn, nor from the abstract concept under which we think it, but immediately from the form of all knowledge of which we are conscious _a priori_.
只有现在我们才能肯定地肯定，在图形的感知中呈现给我们的必要的东西并不是来自纸上的图形，它可能是非常有缺陷的，也不是来自我们认为它所依据的抽象概念，但直接来自我们先验地意识到的所有知识的形式。
This is always the principle of sufficient reason; here as the form of perception, _i.e._, space, it is the principle of the ground of being, the evidence and validity of which is, however, just as great and as immediate as that of the principle of the ground of knowing, _i.e._, logical certainty.
这始终是充足理由原则；在这里，作为知觉的形式，即空间，它是存在基础的原则，然而，其证据和有效性与存在基础的原则一样重要和直接。知道，即，逻辑确定性。
Thus we need not and ought not to leave the peculiar province of mathematics in order to put our trust only in logical proof, and seek to authenticate mathematics in a sphere which is quite foreign to it, that of concepts.
因此，我们不需要也不应该离开数学的特殊领域，只相信逻辑证明，并试图在一个与数学完全陌生的领域，即概念领域来验证数学。
If we confine ourselves to the ground peculiar to mathematics, we gain the great advantage that in it the rational knowledge _that_ something is, is one with the knowledge _why_ it is so, whereas the method of Euclid entirely separates these two, and lets us know only the first, not the second.
如果我们将自己限制在数学特有的基础上，我们就获得了巨大的优势，即在数学中，理性知识“某事物是什么”与“为什么它如此”的知识是一体的，而欧几里得的方法将这两者完全分开，让我们知道只有第一个，没有第二个。
Aristotle says admirably in the Analyt., post.
亚里士多德在《分析》的帖子中令人钦佩地说。
i.
我。
27: “Ακριβεστερα δ᾽ επιστημη επιστημης και προτερα, ἡτε του ὁτι και του διοτι ἡ αυτη, αλλα μη χωρις του ὁτι, της του διοτι” (_Subtilior autem et praestantior ea est scientia, quâ_ QUOD _aliquid sit, et_ CUR _sit una simulque intelligimus non separatim_ QUOD, _et_ CUR _sit_).
27：“准确地说，科学的科学和更早的科学，它是关于什么和上帝的，但不是没有什么，上帝的”（_Subtilior autem et praestantior ea est scientia, quâ_ QUOD _aliquid sat, et_ CUR _sit una simulque intelligimus non separatim_ QUOD，_et_ CUR_sit_）。
In physics we are only satisfied when the knowledge that a thing is as it is is combined with the knowledge why it is so.
在物理学中，只有当“事物本来面目”的知识与“事物为何如此”的知识相结合时，我们才会感到满意。
To know that the mercury in the Torricellian tube stands thirty inches high is not really rational knowledge if we do not know that it is sustained at this height by the counterbalancing weight of the atmosphere.
如果我们不知道托里切利管中的水银是由大气的平衡重量维持在这个高度，那么知道托里切利管中的水银有三十英寸高就不是真正的理性知识。
Shall we then be satisfied in mathematics with the _qualitas occulta_ of the circle that the segments of any two intersecting chords always contain equal rectangles? That it is so Euclid certainly demonstrates in the 35th Prop.
那么，我们是否应该在数学上对圆的“隐性性质”感到满意，即任意两个相交弦的线段始终包含相等的矩形？欧几里得的第 35 条命题确实证明了这一点。
of the Third Book; _why_ it is so remains doubtful.
第三本书； _为什么会这样仍然令人怀疑。
In the same way the proposition of Pythagoras teaches us a _qualitas occulta_ of the right-angled triangle; the stilted and indeed fallacious demonstration of Euclid forsakes us at the _why_, and a simple figure, which we already know, and which is present to us, gives at a glance far more insight into the matter, and firm inner conviction of that necessity, and of the dependence of that quality upon the right angle:—                                [Illustration]  In the case of unequal catheti also, and indeed generally in the case of every possible geometrical truth, it is quite possible to obtain such a conviction based on perception, because these truths were always discovered by such an empirically known necessity, and their demonstration was only thought out afterwards in addition.
同样，毕达哥拉斯的命题教导我们直角三角形的“隐秘性”。欧几里得的生硬且实际上是错误的论证让我们明白了为什么，而我们已经知道的一个简单的图形，呈现在我们面前，使我们一眼就可以更深入地了解这个问题，并坚定地相信这种必要性，以及这种品质对直角的依赖：——[插图]在不平等的注视的情况下，而且实际上一般在每一个可能的几何真理的情况下，很可能基于感知获得这样的信念，因为这些真理总是通过这种经验上已知的必然性而被发现，而它们的论证只是事后才经过深思熟虑的。
Thus we only require an analysis of the process of thought in the first discovery of a geometrical truth in order to know its necessity empirically.
因此，我们只需要分析第一次发现几何真理时的思维过程，就能从经验上知道它的必要性。
It is the analytical method in general that I wish for the exposition of mathematics, instead of the synthetical method which Euclid made use of.
我希望用一般的分析方法来阐述数学，而不是欧几里得所使用的综合方法。
Yet this would have very great, though not insuperable, difficulties in the case of complicated mathematical truths.
然而，在复杂的数学真理的情况下，这将有很大的困难，尽管不是不可克服的。
Here and there in Germany men are beginning to alter the exposition of mathematics, and to proceed more in this analytical way.
在德国各地，人们开始改变数学的解释，并更多地以这种分析方式进行。
The greatest effort in this direction has been made by Herr Kosack, teacher of mathematics and physics in the Gymnasium at Nordhausen, who added a thorough attempt to teach geometry according to my principles to the programme of the school examination on the 6th of April 1852.
诺德豪森中学的数学和物理老师科萨克先生在这个方向上做出了最大的努力，他在 1852 年 4 月 6 日的学校考试计划中添加了根据我的原理教授几何的彻底尝试。
 In order to improve the method of mathematics, it is especially necessary to overcome the prejudice that demonstrated truth has any superiority over what is known through perception, or that logical truth founded upon the principle of contradiction has any superiority over metaphysical truth, which is immediately evident, and to which belongs the pure intuition or perception of space.
为了改进数学方法，特别有必要克服这样的偏见，即证明真理优于通过知觉所知的事物，或者建立在矛盾原理基础上的逻辑真理优于形而上学的真理，这是直接的。明显的，并且属于纯粹的直觉或空间感知。
 That which is most certain, and yet always inexplicable, is what is involved in the principle of sufficient reason, for this principle, in its different aspects, expresses the universal form of all our ideas and knowledge.
最确定但始终无法解释的，是充分理由原则所涉及的内容，因为这一原则在其不同方面表达了我们所有思想和知识的普遍形式。
All explanation consists of reduction to it, exemplification in the particular case of the connection of ideas expressed generally through it.
所有的解释都包括对它的还原，以及在特定情况下通过它普遍表达的思想联系的例证。
It is thus the principle of all explanation, and therefore it is neither susceptible of an explanation itself, nor does it stand in need of it; for every explanation presupposes it, and only obtains meaning through it.
因此，它是所有解释的原则，因此它本身既不需要解释，也不需要解释。因为每一种解释都以它为前提，并且只有通过它才能获得意义。
Now, none of its forms are superior to the rest; it is equally certain and incapable of demonstration as the principle of the ground of being, or of change, or of action, or of knowing.
现在，它的任何形式都不优于其他形式。它与存在、变化、行动或认识的基础原则同样确定且无法论证。
The relation of reason and consequent is a necessity in all its forms, and indeed it is, in general, the source of the concept of necessity, for necessity has no other meaning.
理性与后果的关系是一切形式的必然性，而且事实上，一般而言，它是必然性概念的来源，因为必然性没有其他含义。
If the reason is given there is no other necessity than that of the consequent, and there is no reason that does not involve the necessity of the consequent.
如果给出了理由，则除了后果的必然性之外，就没有其他必然性，并且没有任何理由不涉及后果的必然性。
Just as surely then as the consequent expressed in the conclusion follows from the ground of knowledge given in the premises, does the ground of being in space determine its consequent in space: if I know through perception the relation of these two, this certainty is just as great as any logical certainty.
正如结论中所表达的结果是从前提中给出的知识基础得出的一样，空间中的存在基础是否决定了其在空间中的结果：如果我通过知觉知道这两者的关系，那么这种确定性就是与任何逻辑上的确定性一样重要。
But every geometrical proposition is just as good an expression of such a relation as one of the twelve axioms; it is a metaphysical truth, and as such, just as certain as the principle of contradiction itself, which is a metalogical truth, and the common foundation of all logical demonstration.
但是，每个几何命题都与十二条公理之一一样好地表达了这种关系。它是一种形而上学的真理，就其本身而言，就像矛盾原理本身一样确定，矛盾原理是一种形而上的真理，是所有逻辑论证的共同基础。
Whoever denies the necessity, exhibited for intuition or perception, of the space-relations expressed in any proposition, may just as well deny the axioms, or that the conclusion follows from the premises, or, indeed, he may as well deny the principle of contradiction itself, for all these relations are equally undemonstrable, immediately evident and known _a priori_.
任何人否认任何命题中所表达的空间关系对于直觉或知觉而言的必然性，他也可能会否认公理，或者结论是从前提得出的，或者事实上，他也可能会否认矛盾本身，因为所有这些关系同样是不可证明的、立即明显的和先验已知的。
For any one to wish to derive the necessity of space-relations, known in intuition or perception, from the principle of contradiction by means of a logical demonstration is just the same as for the feudal superior of an estate to wish to hold it as the vassal of another.
对于任何人来说，如果希望通过逻辑论证从矛盾原理中推导出直觉或知觉中已知的空间关系的必然性，就如同一个封建领主希望将其视为财产一样。另一个人的附庸。
Yet this is what Euclid has done.
但这就是欧几里得所做的。
His axioms only, he is compelled to leave resting upon immediate evidence; all the geometrical truths which follow are demonstrated logically, that is to say, from the agreement of the assumptions made in the proposition with the axioms which are presupposed, or with some earlier proposition; or from the contradiction between the opposite of the proposition and the assumptions made in it, or the axioms, or earlier propositions, or even itself.
他不得不只依靠他的公理来依靠直接的证据。接下来的所有几何真理都是逻辑上证明的，也就是说，根据命题中所做的假设与预先假定的公理或与某些早期命题的一致性；或者来自命题的反面与其中所做的假设、公理、早期命题、甚至命题本身之间的矛盾。
But the axioms themselves have no more immediate evidence than any other geometrical problem, but only more simplicity on account of their smaller content.
但公理本身并没有比任何其他几何问题更直接的证据，而只是由于其内容较小而更加简单。
 When a criminal is examined, a _procès-verbal_ is made of his statement in order that we may judge of its truth from its consistency.
当一个罪犯受到讯问时，我们会根据他的陈述进行口头记录，以便我们可以从其一致性来判断其真实性。
But this is only a makeshift, and we are not satisfied with it if it is possible to investigate the truth of each of his answers for itself; especially as he might lie consistently from the beginning.
但这只是权宜之计，如果能够亲自调查他的每一个答案的真实性，我们并不满足；尤其是因为他可能从一开始就一直在撒谎。
But Euclid investigated space according to this first method.
但欧几里得根据第一种方法研究空间。
He set about it, indeed, under the correct assumption that nature must everywhere be consistent, and that therefore it must also be so in space, its fundamental form.
事实上，他是在正确的假设下着手的，即自然必须在任何地方都是一致的，因此它在空间、其基本形式中也必须如此。
Since then the parts of space stand to each other in a relation of reason and consequent, no single property of space can be different from what it is without being in contradiction with all the others.
既然如此，空间的各个部分就以一种理性和结果的关系相互关联，空间的任何单一属性都不可能与它本身不同，而不与所有其他属性相矛盾。
But this is a very troublesome, unsatisfactory, and roundabout way to follow.
但这是一种非常麻烦的、不令人满意的、迂回的方式。
It prefers indirect knowledge to direct, which is just as certain, and it separates the knowledge that a thing is from the knowledge why it is, to the great disadvantage of the science; and lastly, it entirely withholds from the beginner insight into the laws of space, and indeed renders him unaccustomed to the special investigation of the ground and inner connection of things, inclining him to be satisfied with a mere historical knowledge that a thing is as it is.
它更喜欢间接知识而不是同样确定的直接知识，并且它将事物是什么的知识与事物为何存在的知识分开，这对科学来说是极大的不利。最后，它完全阻碍了初学者对空间法则的洞察，并且确实使他不习惯对事物的基础和内在联系的特殊研究，使他倾向于满足于单纯的历史知识，即事物的本来面目。是。
The exercise of acuteness which this method is unceasingly extolled as affording consists merely in this, that the pupil practises drawing conclusions, _i.e._, he practises applying the principle of contradiction, but specially he exerts his memory to retain all those data whose agreement is to be tested.
这种方法被不断称赞为提供的敏锐性仅仅在于，学生练习得出结论，即练习应用矛盾原理，但特别是他运用记忆来保留所有那些数据，这些数据的协议有待测试。
Moreover, it is worth noticing that this method of proof was applied only to geometry and not to arithmetic.
而且，值得注意的是，这种证明方法仅适用于几何而不适用于算术。
In arithmetic the truth is really allowed to come home to us through perception alone, which in it consists simply in counting.
在算术中，真理确实可以仅通过感知而被我们所理解，而感知仅仅在于计数。
As the perception of numbers is in _time alone_, and therefore cannot be represented by a sensuous schema like the geometrical figure, the suspicion that perception is merely empirical, and possibly illusive, disappeared in arithmetic, and the introduction of the logical method of proof into geometry was entirely due to this suspicion.
由于对数字的感知是在“单独的时间”中进行的，因此不能用像几何图形这样的感性图式来表示，因此对感知仅仅是经验性的、可能是幻觉的怀疑在算术中消失了，并且将逻辑证明方法引入了数学中。几何学完全是出于这种怀疑。
As time has only one dimension, counting is the only arithmetical operation, to which all others may be reduced; and yet counting is just intuition or perception _a priori_, to which there is no hesitation in appealing here, and through which alone everything else, every sum and every equation, is ultimately proved.
由于时间只有一维，计数是唯一的算术运算，所有其他运算都可以简化为它；然而，计数只是先验的直觉或知觉，在这里我们可以毫不犹豫地诉诸直觉或知觉，并且只有通过它，其他一切、每一个和和每一个方程才能最终被证明。
We prove, for example, not that (7 + 9 × 8 - 2)/3 = 42; but we refer to the pure perception in time, counting thus makes each individual problem an axiom.
例如，我们证明不是 (7 + 9 × 8 - 2)/3 = 42；但我们指的是时间的纯粹感知，因此计数使每个单独的问题成为公理。
Instead of the demonstrations that fill geometry, the whole content of arithmetic and algebra is thus simply a method of abbreviating counting.
因此，算术和代数的全部内容只是一种简化计数的方法，而不是充满几何的演示。
We mentioned above that our immediate perception of numbers in time extends only to about ten.
我们上面提到过，我们对时间数字的直接感知只能延伸到十左右。
Beyond this an abstract concept of the numbers, fixed by a word, must take the place of the perception; which does not therefore actually occur any longer, but is only indicated in a thoroughly definite manner.
除此之外，由一个词固定的数字的抽象概念必须取代感知；因此，它实际上不再发生，而只是以彻底明确的方式表明。
Yet even so, by the important assistance of the system of figures which enables us to represent all larger numbers by the same small ones, intuitive or perceptive evidence of every sum is made possible, even where we make such use of abstraction that not only the numbers, but indefinite quantities and whole operations are thought only in the abstract and indicated as so thought, as [sqrt](r^b) so that we do not perform them, but merely symbolise them.
然而，即便如此，借助数字系统的重要帮助，使我们能够用相同的小数字来表示所有较大的数字，每个总和的直观或感知证据成为可能，即使我们如此使用抽象，不仅数字，但不定数量和整个运算仅在抽象中被认为，并被表示为这样的想法，如 [sqrt](r^b)，因此我们不执行它们，而只是将它们符号化。
 We might establish truth in geometry also, through pure _a priori_ perception, with the same right and certainty as in arithmetic.
我们也可以通过纯粹的先验感知来建立几何学中的真理，具有与算术中相同的权利和确定性。
It is in fact always this necessity, known through perception in accordance with the principle of sufficient reason of being, which gives to geometry its principal evidence, and upon which in the consciousness of every one, the certainty of its propositions rests.
事实上，正是这种必然性，根据存在充分理由的原则通过感知而得知，它为几何学提供了主要证据，并且在每个人的意识中，其命题的确定性都依赖于此。
The stilted logical demonstration is always foreign to the matter, and is generally soon forgotten, without weakening our conviction.
生硬的逻辑论证总是与问题无关，而且通常很快就会被遗忘，但不会削弱我们的信念。
It might indeed be dispensed with altogether without diminishing the evidence of geometry, for this is always quite independent of such demonstration, which never proves anything we are not convinced of already, through another kind of knowledge.
它确实可以完全省去，而不会减少几何学的证据，因为这总是完全独立于这种证明，而这种证明永远不会通过另一种知识来证明我们已经不相信的任何事情。
So far then it is like a cowardly soldier, who adds a wound to an enemy slain by another, and then boasts that he slew him himself.(22)  After all this we hope there will be no doubt that the evidence of mathematics, which has become the pattern and symbol of all evidence, rests essentially not upon demonstration, but upon immediate perception, which is thus here, as everywhere else, the ultimate ground and source of truth.
到目前为止，它就像一个懦弱的士兵，给一个被另一个人杀死的敌人加了一处伤，然后夸口说他自己杀了他。（22）在这一切之后，我们希望毫无疑问，数学的证据，已经成为所有证据的模式和象征，本质上不是依赖于论证，而是依赖于直接的感知，因此，与其他地方一样，感知是真理的最终基础和来源。
Yet the perception which lies at the basis of mathematics has a great advantage over all other perception, and therefore over empirical perception.
然而，作为数学基础的知觉比所有其他知觉、因此也比经验知觉具有更大的优势。
It is _a priori_, and therefore independent of experience, which is always given only in successive parts; therefore everything is equally near to it, and we can start either from the reason or from the consequent, as we please.
它是先验的，因此独立于经验，而经验总是仅以连续的部分给出。因此，一切都同样接近它，我们可以从原因开始，也可以从结果开始，随我们所欲。
Now this makes it absolutely reliable, for in it the consequent is known from the reason, and this is the only kind of knowledge that has necessity; for example, the equality of the sides is known as established by the equality of the angles.
这使得它绝对可靠，因为在其中，结果是从理性中得知的，这是唯一具有必然性的知识。例如，边相等称为由角相等确定。
All empirical perception, on the other hand, and the greater part of experience, proceeds conversely from the consequent to the reason, and this kind of knowledge is not infallible, for necessity only attaches to the consequent on account of the reason being given, and no necessity attaches to the knowledge of the reason from the consequent, for the same consequent may follow from different reasons.
另一方面，所有经验知觉以及大部分经验，都是从结果到理性相反地进行的，这种知识并不是无误的，因为必然性只是由于给出的原因才依附于结果，并且从结果中得知原因并不必然，因为不同的原因可以得出相同的结果。
The latter kind of knowledge is simply induction, _i.e._, from many consequents which point to one reason, the reason is accepted as certain; but as the cases can never be all before us, the truth here is not unconditionally certain.
后一种知识只是归纳法，即从指向一个原因的许多结果中，该原因被认为是确定的；但由于案件不可能全部摆在我们面前，因此这里的真相并不是无条件确定的。
But all knowledge through sense-perception, and the great bulk of experience, has only this kind of truth.
但所有通过感官知觉获得的知识以及大量的经验都只有这种真理。
The affection of one of the senses induces the understanding to infer a cause of the effect, but, as a conclusion from the consequent to the reason is never certain, illusion, which is deception of the senses, is possible, and indeed often occurs, as was pointed out above.
一种感官的情感促使理解力推断出结果的原因，但是，由于从结果到原因的结论永远不是确定的，幻觉，即感官的欺骗，是可能的，而且确实经常发生，正如上面所指出的。
Only when several of the senses, or it may be all the five, receive impressions which point to the same cause, the possibility of illusion is reduced to a minimum; but yet it still exists, for there are cases, for example, the case of counterfeit money, in which all the senses are deceived.
只有当几种感官，或者可能是所有五种感官，接收到指向同一原因的印象时，产生幻觉的可能性才会降到最低。但它仍然存在，因为有些情况，例如假币的情况，所有的感官都被欺骗了。
All empirical knowledge, and consequently the whole of natural science, is in the same position, except only the pure, or as Kant calls it, metaphysical part of it.
所有的经验知识，乃至整个自然科学，都处于同样的位置，除了纯粹的，或者康德所说的，形而上学的部分。
Here also the causes are known from the effects, consequently all natural philosophy rests upon hypotheses, which are often false, and must then gradually give place to more correct ones.
在这里，从结果中也可以得知原因，因此所有自然哲学都建立在假设之上，而这些假设往往是错误的，并且必须逐渐让位于更正确的假设。
Only in the case of purposely arranged experiments, knowledge proceeds from the cause to the effect, that is, it follows the method that affords certainty; but these experiments themselves are undertaken in consequence of hypotheses.
只有在有目的地安排实验的情况下，知识才会从因到果，也就是说，它遵循提供确定性的方法；但这些实验本身是根据假设进行的。
Therefore, no branch of natural science, such as physics, or astronomy, or physiology could be discovered all at once, as was the case with mathematics and logic, but required and requires the collected and compared experiences of many centuries.
因此，任何自然科学的分支，如物理学、天文学或生理学，都不能像数学和逻辑学那样一次性被发现，而是需要许多世纪以来收集和比较的经验。
In the first place, repeated confirmation in experience brings the induction, upon which the hypothesis rests, so near completeness that in practice it takes the place of certainty, and is regarded as diminishing the value of the hypothesis, its source, just as little as the incommensurability of straight and curved lines diminishes the value of the application of geometry, or that perfect exactness of the logarithm, which is not attainable, diminishes the value of arithmetic.
首先，经验中的重复确认带来了假设所依赖的归纳，如此接近完整性，以至于在实践中它取代了确定性，并被认为削弱了假设及其来源的价值，就像直线和曲线的不可通约性削弱了几何学应用的价值，或者说，无法达到的对数的完美精确性削弱了算术的价值。
For as the logarithm, or the squaring of the circle, approaches infinitely near to correctness through infinite fractions, so, through manifold experience, the induction, _i.e._, the knowledge of the cause from the effects, approaches, not infinitely indeed, but yet so near mathematical evidence, _i.e._, knowledge of the effects from the cause, that the possibility of mistake is small enough to be neglected, but yet the possibility exists; for example, a conclusion from an indefinite number of cases to all cases, _i.e._, to the unknown ground on which all depend, is an induction.
因为正如对数或圆的平方通过无限分数无限接近正确性一样，通过多种经验，归纳法，即从结果中了解原因的知识，确实不是无限接近的，但是如此接近的数学证据，即对原因的影响的知识，错误的可能性小到足以被忽略，但这种可能性仍然存在；例如，从不定数量的案例到所有案例的结论，即，到所有案例所依赖的未知基础的结论，就是归纳法。
What conclusion of this kind seems more certain than that all men have the heart on the left side? Yet there are extremely rare and quite isolated exceptions of men who have the heart upon the right side.
还有什么结论比“所有男人的心都在左边”更确定呢？然而，也有极其罕见且相当孤立的例外，即心地善良的人。
Sense-perception and empirical science have, therefore, the same kind of evidence.
因此，感官知觉和经验科学具有相同的证据。
The advantage which mathematics, pure natural science, and logic have over them, as _a priori_ knowledge, rests merely upon this, that the formal element in knowledge upon which all that is _a priori_ is based, is given as a whole and at once, and therefore in it we can always proceed from the cause to the effect, while in the former kind of knowledge we are generally obliged to proceed from the effect to the cause.
作为先验知识，数学、纯自然科学和逻辑学相对于它们的优势仅仅在于这一点，即所有先验知识所基于的知识中的形式要素是作为一个整体立即给出的，因此，在这种知识中，我们总是可以从原因到结果，而在前一种知识中，我们通常不得不从结果到原因。
In other respects, the law of causality, or the principle of sufficient reason of change, which guides empirical knowledge, is in itself just as certain as the other forms of the principle of sufficient reason which are followed by the _a priori_ sciences referred to above.
在其他方面，指导经验知识的因果律或变化充分理由原则本身与上述先验科学所遵循的充分理由原则的其他形式一样确定。 。
Logical demonstrations from concepts or syllogisms have the advantage of proceeding from the reason to the consequent, just as much as knowledge through perception _a priori_, and therefore in themselves, _i.e._, according to their form, they are infallible.
来自概念或三段论的逻辑论证具有从原因到结果的优点，就像通过先验知觉获得的知识一样，因此就其本身而言，即根据其形式，它们是无误的。
This has greatly assisted to bring demonstration in general into such esteem.
这极大地帮助了人们对示威的普遍重视。
But this infallibility is merely relative; the demonstration merely subsumes under the first principles of the science, and it is these which contain the whole material truth of science, and they must not themselves be demonstrated, but must be founded on perception.
但这种绝对正确只是相对的。论证仅仅包含在科学的首要原则之下，正是这些原则包含了科学的全部物质真理，它们本身不能被论证，而必须建立在感知的基础上。
In the few _a priori_ sciences we have named above, this perception is pure, but everywhere else it is empirical, and is only raised to universality through induction.
在我们上面提到的少数先验科学中，这种感知是纯粹的，但在其他地方它都是经验性的，并且只有通过归纳才能提升到普遍性。
If, then, in the empirical sciences also, the particular is proved from the general, yet the general, on the other hand, has received its truth from the particular; it is only a store of collected material, not a self-constituted foundation.
那么，如果在经验科学中也是如此，特殊性是从一般性中得到证明的，而另一方面，一般性却是从特殊性中获得了真理；它只是收集材料的储存库，而不是自建的基础。
 So much for the foundation of truth.
真理的基础就这么多。
Of the source and possibility of error many explanations have been tried since Plato’s metaphorical solution of the dove-cot where the wrong pigeons are caught, &c.
关于错误的来源和可能性，自从柏拉图用鸽子的比喻解决了错误的鸽子被抓到的地方以来，人们已经尝试了许多解释，等等。
(Theætetus, p.
（泰阿泰德，p.
167, _et seq._) Kant’s vague, indefinite explanation of the source of error by means of the diagram of diagonal motion, will be found in the “Critique of Pure Reason,” p.
167，_et seq._）康德通过对角线运动图对错误来源的模糊、不确定的解释，可以在“纯粹理性批判”中找到，第 167 页。
294 of the first edition, and p.
第一版第 294 页，以及第 29 页。
350 of the fifth.
第五个350。
As truth is the relation of a judgment to its ground of knowledge, it is always a problem how the person judging can believe that he has such a ground of knowledge and yet not have it; that is to say, how error, the deception of reason, is possible.
由于真理是判断与其知识基础的关系，所以判断者如何相信他拥有这样的知识基础，但实际上却没有，这始终是一个问题；也就是说，错误、理性的欺骗是如何可能的。
I find this possibility quite analogous to that of illusion, or the deception of the understanding, which has been explained above.
我发现这种可能性与上面已经解释过的幻觉或理解力的欺骗非常相似。
My opinion is (and this is what gives this explanation its proper place here) that _every error is an inference from the consequent to the reason_, which indeed is valid when we know that the consequent has that reason and can have no other; but otherwise is not valid.
我的观点是（这就是为什么这个解释在这里有其适当的位置），_每个错误都是从结果到原因的推论_，当我们知道结果有那个原因并且不能有其他原因时，它确实是有效的;但除此之外无效。
The person who falls into error, either attributes to a consequent a reason which it cannot have, in which case he shows actual deficiency of understanding, _i.e._, deficiency in the capacity for immediate knowledge of the connection between the cause and the effect, or, as more frequently happens, he attributes to the effect a cause which is possible, but he adds to the major proposition of the syllogism, in which he infers the cause from the effect, that this effect _always_ results only from this cause.
犯错误的人，要么将一个结果归因于一个它不可能有的原因，在这种情况下，他表现出真正的理解缺陷，即，缺乏立即了解原因和事件之间联系的能力。结果，或者，更常见的是，他将可能的原因归因于结果，但他在三段论的主要命题中添加了内容，其中他从结果推断原因，即该结果_总是_仅由该原因产生。
Now he could only be assured of this by a complete induction, which, however, he assumes without having made it.
现在，他只能通过完整的归纳来确定这一点，然而，他只是假设了这一点，但并没有做到。
This “always” is therefore too wide a concept, and instead of it he ought to have used “sometimes” or “generally.” The conclusion would then be problematical, and therefore not erroneous.
因此，这个“总是”是一个太宽泛的概念，他应该使用“有时”或“一般”来代替它。这样得出的结论就会有问题，因此也不会是错误的。
That the man who errs should proceed in this way is due either to haste, or to insufficient knowledge of what is possible, on account of which he does not know the necessity of the induction that ought to be made.
犯错误的人会这样做，要么是因为仓促，要么是因为对可能发生的事情认识不足，因此他不知道应该进行归纳的必要性。
Error then is quite analogous to illusion.
那么错误就很类似于幻觉。
Both are inferences from the effect to the cause; the illusion brought about always in accordance with the law of causality, and by the understanding alone, thus directly, in perception itself; the error in accordance with all the forms of the principle of sufficient reason, and by the reason, thus in thought itself; yet most commonly in accordance with the law of causality, as will appear from the three following examples, which may be taken as types or representatives of the three kinds of error.
两者都是从果到因的推论；幻觉总是根据因果律产生，并且仅由理解力产生，因此直接在知觉本身中产生；与充足理由原则的所有形式相一致的错误，以及由理性引起的错误，因此在思想本身中；但最常见的是符合因果律，正如下面三个例子所示，它们可以被视为三种错误的类型或代表。
(1.) The illusion of the senses (deception of the understanding) induces error (deception of the reason); for example, if one mistakes a painting for an alto-relief, and actually takes it for such; the error results from a conclusion from the following major premise: “If dark grey passes regularly through all shades to white; the cause is _always_ the light, which strikes differently upon projections and depressions, _ergo_—.” (2.) “If there is no money in my safe, the cause is _always_ that my servant has got a key for it: _ergo_—.” (3.) “If a ray of sunlight, broken through a prism, _i.e._, bent up or down, appears as a coloured band instead of round and white as before, the cause must always be that light consists of homogeneous rays, differently coloured and refrangible to different degrees, which, when forced asunder on account of the difference of their refrangibility, give an elongated and variously-coloured spectrum: _ergo—bibamus!_”—It must be possible to trace every error to such a conclusion, drawn from a major premise which is often only falsely generalised, hypothetical, and founded on the assumption that some particular cause is that of a certain effect.
(1.) 感官的错觉（理解力的欺骗）导致错误（理性的欺骗）；例如，如果有人将一幅画误认为是中音浮雕，并且实际上将其视为中音浮雕；该错误源于以下主要前提的结论：“如果深灰色有规律地穿过所有色调变成白色；原因_总是_光线，它以不同的方式照射到凸起和凹陷处，_ergo_。” (2.) “如果我的保险箱里没有钱，原因_总是_我的仆人有一把钥匙：_ergo_。” (3.) 如果一束阳光穿过棱镜，即向上或向下弯曲，显示为彩色带，而不是像以前那样圆形和白色，那么原因一定是光由均匀的光组成。不同颜色和不同程度可折射的光线，当它们由于可折射性的差异而被迫分开时，会产生拉长的、不同颜色的光谱：_ergo-bibamus！_”——必须有可能将每一个错误都追溯到这样的情况。从一个主要前提得出的结论，该前提往往只是错误地概括、假设，并且建立在某些特定原因是某种结果的假设之上。
Only certain mistakes in counting are to be excepted, and they are not really errors, but merely mistakes.
只有某些计数错误才可以排除，而且它们并不是真正的错误，而仅仅是错误。
The operation prescribed by the concepts of the numbers has not been carried out in pure intuition or perception, in counting, but some other operation instead of it.
数字概念所规定的运算并不是在纯粹的直觉或知觉中进行的，而是在计数中进行的，而是用其他运算来代替的。
 As regards the _content_ of the sciences generally, it is, in fact, always the relation of the phenomena of the world to each other, according to the principle of sufficient reason, under the guidance of the _why_, which has validity and meaning only through this principle.
就一般科学的内容而言，事实上，它始终是根据充足理由原则，在“为什么”的指导下，世界现象相互之间的关系，只有通过以下方式才具有有效性和意义：这个原则。
_Explanation_ is the establishment of this relation.
_解释_就是这个关系的建立。
Therefore explanation can never go further than to show two ideas standing to each other in the relation peculiar to that form of the principle of sufficient reason which reigns in the class to which they belong.
因此，解释只能进一步表明两个观念在其所属类别中占主导地位的充足理由原则所特有的关系中彼此站立。
If this is done we cannot further be asked the question, _why_: for the relation proved is that one which absolutely cannot be imagined as other than it is, _i.e._, it is the form of all knowledge.
如果这样做了，我们就不能进一步问这个问题，_为什么_：因为所证明的关系是绝对不能想象为其他关系的关系，_即_，它是所有知识的形式。
Therefore we do not ask why 2 + 2 = 4; or why the equality of the angles of a triangle determines the equality of the sides; or why its effect follows any given cause; or why the truth of the conclusion is evident from the truth of the premises.
因此我们不问为什么 2 + 2 = 4；或者为什么三角形的角相等决定边相等；或为什么它的结果遵循任何给定的原因；或者为什么结论的真实性可以从前提的真实性中明显看出。
Every explanation which does not ultimately lead to a relation of which no “why” can further be demanded, stops at an accepted _qualitas occulta_; but this is the character of every original force of nature.
每一个最终不会导致无法进一步追问“为什么”的关系的解释，都停留在一个被接受的“隐秘性”上；但这是每一种自然原始力量的特征。
Every explanation in natural science must ultimately end with such a _qualitas occulta_, and thus with complete obscurity.
自然科学中的每一个解释最终都必须以这种“隐秘性”结束，从而完全晦涩难懂。
It must leave the inner nature of a stone just as much unexplained as that of a human being; it can give as little account of the weight, the cohesion, the chemical qualities, &c., of the former, as of the knowing and acting of the latter.
它必须让石头的内在本质与人类的内在本质一样无法解释。它既不能说明前者的重量、内聚力、化学性质等，也不能说明后者的认识和行动。
Thus, for example, weight is a _qualitas occulta_, for it can be thought away, and does not proceed as a necessity from the form of knowledge; which, on the contrary, is not the case with the law of inertia, for it follows from the law of causality, and is therefore sufficiently explained if it is referred to that law.
因此，举例来说，重量是一种“隐秘性”，因为它可以被思考而消失，并且不是从知识形式中作为必然性而产生的。相反，惯性定律则不然，因为它是从因果律得出的，因此如果参照该定律就可以得到充分的解释。
There are two things which are altogether inexplicable,—that is to say, do not ultimately lead to the relation which the principle of sufficient reason expresses.
有两件事是完全无法解释的，也就是说，它们最终不会导致充足理由原则所表达的关系。
These are, first, the principle of sufficient reason itself in all its four forms, because it is the principle of all explanation, which has meaning only in relation to it; secondly, that to which this principle does not extend, but which is the original source of all phenomena; the thing-in-itself, the knowledge of which is not subject to the principle of sufficient reason.
首先，充分理由原则本身有四种形式，因为它是所有解释的原则，只有与其相关才有意义；其次，这个原则没有延伸到，但它是所有现象的原始根源；物自体，其知识不受充分理由原则的约束。
We must be content for the present not to understand this thing-in-itself, for it can only be made intelligible by means of the following book, in which we shall resume this consideration of the possible achievements of the sciences.
我们必须满足于目前不理解这种自在之物，因为只有通过下一本书才能理解它，在这本书中我们将重新考虑科学可能取得的成就。
But at the point at which natural science, and indeed every science, leaves things, because not only its explanation of them, but even the principle of this explanation, the principle of sufficient reason, does not extend beyond this point; there philosophy takes them up and treats them after its own method, which is quite distinct from the method of science.
但是，在自然科学乃至所有科学都离开事物的这一点上，因为不仅它对事物的解释，甚至这种解释的原则，充分理由的原则，也没有超出这一点；哲学接受它们并按照它自己的方法来处理它们，这与科学的方法截然不同。
In my essay on the principle of sufficient reason, § 51, I have shown how in the different sciences the chief guiding clue is one or other form of that principle; and, in fact, perhaps the most appropriate classification of the sciences might be based upon this circumstance.
在我关于充分理由原则的文章第 51 节中，我已经展示了在不同的科学中，主要的指导线索是如何以该原则的一种或其他形式存在的；事实上，也许最合适的科学分类就是基于这种情况。
Every explanation arrived at by the help of this clue is, as we have said, merely relative; it explains things in relation to each other, but something which indeed is presupposed is always left unexplained.
正如我们所说，借助这条线索得出的每一种解释都只是相对的。它解释了彼此相关的事物，但某些确实被预设的事物总是无法解释。
In mathematics, for example, this is space and time; in mechanics, physics, and chemistry it is matter, qualities, original forces and laws of nature; in botany and zoology it is the difference of species, and life itself; in history it is the human race with all its properties of thought and will: in all it is that form of the principle of sufficient reason which is respectively applicable.
例如，在数学中，这是空间和时间；在数学中，这是空间和时间。在力学、物理学和化学中，它是物质、性质、原动力和自然法则；在植物学和动物学中，这是物种和生命本身的差异；在历史上，它是具有所有思想和意志属性的人类：在所有方面，它都是分别适用的充足理由原则的形式。
It is peculiar to _philosophy_ that it presupposes nothing as known, but treats everything as equally external and a problem; not merely the relations of phenomena, but also the phenomena themselves, and even the principle of sufficient reason to which the other sciences are content to refer everything.
哲学的独特之处在于，它不预设任何已知的东西，而是将一切都视为同样的外在事物和问题。不仅是现象的关系，而且是现象本身，甚至是其他科学满足于提及一切的充足理由原则。
In philosophy nothing would be gained by such a reference, as one member of the series is just as external to it as another; and, moreover, that kind of connection is just as much a problem for philosophy as what is joined together by it, and the latter again is just as much a problem after its combination has been explained as before it.
在哲学中，这样的引用不会有任何收获，因为系列中的一个成员与另一个成员一样是外在的。而且，对于哲学来说，这种联系与由它连接在一起的东西一样都是一个问题，而后者在它的组合被解释之后和在它之前一样都是一个问题。
For, as we have said, just what the sciences presuppose and lay down as the basis and the limits of their explanation, is precisely and peculiarly the problem of philosophy, which may therefore be said to begin where science ends.
因为，正如我们已经说过的，科学所预设和规定的作为其解释的基础和限制的正是哲学问题，因此可以说哲学问题开始于科学结束的地方。
It cannot be founded upon demonstrations, for they lead from known principles to unknown, but everything is equally unknown and external to philosophy.
它不能建立在论证的基础上，因为它们从已知的原理引向未知的原理，但一切都同样是未知的并且是哲学之外的。
There can be no principle in consequence of which the world with all its phenomena first came into existence, and therefore it is not possible to construct, as Spinoza wished, a philosophy which demonstrates _ex firmis principiis_.
不存在任何原则可以导致世界及其所有现象首先出现，因此不可能像斯宾诺莎所希望的那样构建一种证明“exfirmisprincipiis”的哲学。
Philosophy is the most general rational knowledge, the first principles of which cannot therefore be derived from another principle still more general.
哲学是最普遍的理性知识，因此它的首要原则不能从另一个更普遍的原则中推导出来。
The principle of contradiction establishes merely the agreement of concepts, but does not itself produce concepts.
矛盾原理仅仅建立了概念的一致，但其本身并不产生概念。
The principle of sufficient reason explains the connections of phenomena, but not the phenomena themselves; therefore philosophy cannot proceed upon these principles to seek a _causa efficiens_ or a _causa finalis_ of the whole world.
充分理由原则解释了现象之间的联系，但不能解释现象本身；因此，哲学不能根据这些原则来寻找整个世界的“有效原因”或“最终原因”。
My philosophy, at least, does not by any means seek to know _whence_ or _wherefore_ the world exists, but merely _what_ the world is.
至少，我的哲学绝不试图了解世界从何而来或为何存在，而仅仅是世界是什么。
But the _why_ is here subordinated to the _what_, for it already belongs to the world, as it arises and has meaning and validity only through the form of its phenomena, the principle of sufficient reason.
但“为什么”在这里从属于“什么”，因为它已经属于世界，因为它只有通过其现象的形式，即充分理由的原则，才产生并具有意义和有效性。
We might indeed say that every one knows what the world is without help, for he is himself that subject of knowledge of which the world is the idea; and so far this would be true.
我们确实可以说，每个人都无需帮助就知道世界是什么，因为他自己就是知识的主体，而世界就是其概念；到目前为止，这是真的。
But that knowledge is empirical, is in the concrete; the task of philosophy is to reproduce this in the abstract to raise to permanent rational knowledge the successive changing perceptions, and in general, all that is contained under the wide concept of feeling and merely negatively defined as not abstract, distinct, rational knowledge.
但这种知识是经验性的，是具体的；哲学的任务是抽象地再现这一点，将连续变化的知觉提升为永久的理性知识，并且一般来说，所有包含在宽泛的感觉概念下的东西都被消极地定义为非抽象的、独特的、理性的知识。
It must therefore consist of a statement in the abstract, of the nature of the whole world, of the whole, and of all the parts.
因此，它必须包含对整个世界、整体和所有部分的本质的抽象陈述。
In order then that it may not lose itself in the endless multitude of particular judgments, it must make use of abstraction and think everything individual in the universal, and its differences also in the universal.
为了不让自己迷失在无穷无尽的具体判断中，它必须利用抽象，在普遍性中思考一切个体，在普遍性中思考其差异。
It must therefore partly separate and partly unite, in order to present to rational knowledge the whole manifold of the world generally, according to its nature, comprehended in a few abstract concepts.
因此，它必须部分分离，部分统一，以便向理性知识呈现世界的整个多样性，根据其本质，概括为几个抽象概念。
Through these concepts, in which it fixes the nature of the world, the whole individual must be known as well as the universal, the knowledge of both therefore must be bound together to the minutest point.
通过这些确定世界本质的概念，必须了解整个个体以及普遍性，因此两者的知识必须紧密结合在一起。
Therefore the capacity for philosophy consists just in that in which Plato placed it, the knowledge of the one in the many, and the many in the one.
因此，哲学的能力就在于柏拉图所放置的东西，即多中的一的知识，一中的多的知识。
Philosophy will therefore be a sum-total of general judgments, whose ground of knowledge is immediately the world itself in its entirety, without excepting anything; thus all that is to be found in human consciousness; it will be _a complete recapitulation, as it were, a reflection, of the world in abstract concepts_, which is only possible by the union of the essentially identical in _one_ concept and the relegation of the different to another.
因此，哲学将是一般判断的总和，其知识基础直接是整个世界本身，没有任何例外。因此，所有这些都可以在人类意识中找到；这将是“抽象概念中世界的完全重演”，而这只有通过将“一个”概念中本质上相同的部分与另一个概念中的不同部分相结合才可能实现。
This task was already prescribed to philosophy by Bacon of Verulam when he said: _ea demum vera est philosophia, quae mundi ipsius voces fidelissime reddit, et veluti dictante mundo conscripta est, et nihil aliud est, quam ejusdem_ SIMULACRUM ET REFLECTIO, _neque addit quidquam de proprio, sed tantum iterat et resonat_ (De Augm.
这项任务已经由维鲁拉姆的培根规定给哲学，他说：_这个真理是哲学，世界 ipsius 忠实的声音在 reddit 上，而 veluti 决定了世界征召的声音，而 nihil aliud 是，quam ejusdem_ SIMULACRUM ET REFLECTIO，_neque addit quidquam de proprio，当 tantum 重复共振时_ (De Augm.
Scient., L.
科学，L.
2, c.
2、c.
13).
13）。
But we take this in a wider sense than Bacon could then conceive.
但我们对这一点的理解比培根当时所能想象的更广泛。
 The agreement which all the sides and parts of the world have with each other, just because they belong to a whole, must also be found in this abstract copy of it.
世界各方面和各部分之间所达成的协议，仅仅因为它们属于一个整体，也必须在它的这个抽象副本中找到。
Therefore the judgments in this sum-total could to a certain extent be deduced from each other, and indeed always reciprocally so deduced.
因此，这个总和中的判断在某种程度上可以相互推导出来，而且实际上总是相互推导出来。
Yet to make the first judgment possible, they must all be present, and thus implied as prior to it in the knowledge of the world in the concrete, especially as all direct proof is more certain than indirect proof; their harmony with each other by virtue of which they come together into the unity of _one_ thought, and which arises from the harmony and unity of the world of perception itself, which is their common ground of knowledge, is not therefore to be made use of to establish them, as that which is prior to them, but is only added as a confirmation of their truth.
然而，为了使第一个判断成为可能，它们必须全部存在，因此在具体的世界知识中暗示它们先于它，特别是因为所有直接证据都比间接证据更确定；他们彼此之间的和谐，凭借这种和谐，他们聚集在一起形成一个思想的统一，这种和谐来自于感知世界本身的和谐与统一，这是他们知识的共同基础，因此不能被利用将它们建立为先于它们的东西，但只是作为对它们真理的确认而添加。
This problem itself can only become quite clear in being solved.(23)  § 16.
这个问题本身只有在得到解决后才能变得非常清楚。(23) § 16。
After this full consideration of reason as a special faculty of knowledge belonging to man alone, and the results and phenomena peculiar to human nature brought about by it, it still remains for me to speak of reason, so far as it is the guide of human action, and in this respect may be called _practical_.
在充分考虑了理性作为人类独有的一种特殊的知识能力，以及它所带来的人性所特有的结果和现象之后，我仍然需要谈论理性，只要它是人类的指导。行动，在这方面可以称为_实用_。
But what there is to say upon this point has found its place elsewhere in the appendix to this work, where I controvert the existence of the so-called practical reason of Kant, which he (certainly very conveniently) explained as the immediate source of virtue, and as the seat of an absolute (_i.e._, fallen from heaven) imperative.
但是关于这一点要说的内容已经在本书附录的其他地方找到了它的位置，在那里我对康德所谓的实践理性的存在提出了质疑，他（当然非常方便地）将其解释为美德的直接来源，并且作为绝对命令（即从天而降）的所在地。
The detailed and thorough refutation of this Kantian principle of morality I have given later in the “Fundamental Problems of Ethics.” There remains, therefore, but little for me to say here about the actual influence of reason, in the true sense of the word, upon action.
我在后面的《伦理学的基本问题》中对康德的道德原则进行了详细而彻底的反驳。因此，我在这里几乎没有什么可说的，关于理性（真正意义上的理性）对行动的实际影响。
At the commencement of our treatment of reason we remarked, in general terms, how much the action and behaviour of men differs from that of brutes, and that this difference is to be regarded as entirely due to the presence of abstract concepts in consciousness.
在我们开始讨论理性时，我们一般性地指出，人的行动和行为与畜生有多么不同，这种差异完全是由于意识中抽象概念的存在而造成的。
The influence of these upon our whole existence is so penetrating and significant that, on account of them, we are related to the lower animals very much as those animals that see are related to those that have no eyes (certain larvae, worms, and zoophytes).
这些对我们整个存在的影响是如此深刻和重大，以至于我们与低等动物的关系就像那些有视力的动物与那些没有眼睛的动物（某些幼虫、蠕虫和动物）的关系一样。 ）。
Animals without eyes know only by touch what is immediately present to them in space, what comes into contact with them; those which see, on the contrary, know a wide circle of near and distant objects.
没有眼睛的动物只能通过触摸知道空间中立即出现的东西以及与它们接触的东西；相反，那些看得见的人知道一大圈近处和远处的物体。
In the same way the absence of reason confines the lower animals to the ideas of perception, _i.e._, the real objects which are immediately present to them in time; we, on the contrary, on account of knowledge in the abstract, comprehend not only the narrow actual present, but also the whole past and future, and the wide sphere of the possible; we view life freely on all its sides, and go far beyond the present and the actual.
同样，理性的缺乏将低等动物限制在感知观念中，即即时呈现在它们面前的真实物体。相反，由于抽象的知识，我们不仅理解狭隘的实际现在，而且理解整个过去和未来，以及广阔的可能领域；我们自由地看待生活的各个方面，并且远远超越当下和实际。
Thus what the eye is in space and for sensuous knowledge, reason is, to a certain extent, in time and for inner knowledge.
因此，眼睛对于空间和感性知识的意义，在某种程度上，理性对于时间和内在知识的意义。
But as the visibility of objects has its worth and meaning only in the fact that it informs us of their tangibility, so the whole worth of abstract knowledge always consists in its relation to what is perceived.
但是，由于物体的可见性只有在它告诉我们它们的有形性时才具有其价值和意义，因此抽象知识的全部价值始终在于其与所感知的事物的关系。
Therefore men naturally attach far more worth to immediate and perceived knowledge than to abstract concepts, to that which is merely thought; they place empirical knowledge before logical.
因此，人们自然而然地更加重视直接的和感知的知识，而不是抽象的概念，即仅仅是思想的知识。他们将经验知识置于逻辑之上。
But this is not the opinion of men who live more in words than in deeds, who have seen more on paper and in books than in actual life, and who in their greatest degeneracy become pedants and lovers of the mere letter.
但这并不是那些重在言语而非行动、在纸上和书本上看到的东西比在现实生活中看到的东西、以及在最堕落的情况下成为纯粹文字的学究和爱好者的人的观点。
Thus only is it conceivable that Leibnitz and Wolf and all their successors could go so far astray as to explain knowledge of perception, after the example of Duns Scotus, as merely confused abstract knowledge! To the honour of Spinoza, I must mention that his truer sense led him, on the contrary, to explain all general concepts as having arisen from the confusion of that which was known in perception (Eth.
因此，可以想象的是，莱布尼茨和沃尔夫以及他们所有的后继者可能会误入歧途，以邓斯·司各脱为榜样，将知觉知识解释为仅仅是混乱的抽象知识！为了尊敬斯宾诺莎，我必须提到，相反，他更真实的感觉使他将所有一般概念解释为源自知觉中已知事物的混乱（《伦理学》第 12 章）。
II., prop.
II.，支柱。
40, Schol.
40、学校。
1).
1）。
It is also a result of perverted opinion that in mathematics the evidence proper to it was rejected, and logical evidence alone accepted; that everything in general which was not abstract knowledge was comprehended under the wide name of feeling, and consequently was little valued; and lastly that the Kantian ethics regarded the good will which immediately asserts itself upon knowledge of the circumstances, and guides to right and good action as mere feeling and emotion, and consequently as worthless and without merit, and would only recognise actions which proceed from abstract maxims as having moral worth.
这也是歪曲观点的结果，即在数学中，拒绝了适合它的证据，而只接受了逻辑证据。一切非抽象知识的一般事物都被笼统地理解为情感，因此不被重视。最后，康德伦理学认为善意会在了解情况后立即表现出来，并指导正确和良好的行动，因为它仅仅是感觉和情感，因此是毫无价值和没有价值的，并且只承认从抽象中产生的行动。格言具有道德价值。
 The many-sided view of life as a whole which man, as distinguished from the lower animals, possesses through reason, may be compared to a geometrical, colourless, abstract, reduced plan of his actual life.
人类区别于低等动物，通过理性所拥有的对生命整体的多方面看法，可以比作他实际生活的几何的、无色彩的、抽象的、简化的计划。
He, therefore, stands to the lower animals as the navigator who, by means of chart, compass, and quadrant, knows accurately his course and his position at any time upon the sea, stands to the uneducated sailors who see only the waves and the heavens.
因此，对于低等动物来说，他就像航海家一样，通过海图、指南针和象限，随时准确地知道自己在海上的航线和位置，而对于那些没有受过教育的水手来说，他们只能看到海浪和大海。天。
Thus it is worth noticing, and indeed wonderful, how, besides his life in the concrete, man always lives another life in the abstract.
因此，值得注意而且确实奇妙的是，除了具体的生活之外，人总是过着另一种抽象的生活。
In the former he is given as a prey to all the storms of actual life, and to the influence of the present; he must struggle, suffer, and die like the brute.
在前者中，他成为现实生活中所有风暴和当下影响的牺牲品。他必须像野兽一样挣扎、受苦、然后死去。
But his life in the abstract, as it lies before his rational consciousness, is the still reflection of the former, and of the world in which he lives; it is just that reduced chart or plan to which we have referred.
但抽象地讲，他的生活存在于他的理性意识之前，是前者以及他所生活的世界的静止反映。这就是我们所提到的简化图表或计划。
Here in the sphere of quiet deliberation, what completely possessed him and moved him intensely before, appears to him cold, colourless, and for the moment external to him; he is merely the spectator, the observer.
在这里，在安静的深思熟虑的范围内，以前完全占据了他并强烈感动他的东西，在他看来是冰冷的、无色彩的，暂时是外在的；但他的内心深处却充满了恐惧。他只是旁观者、观察者。
In respect of this withdrawal into reflection he may be compared to an actor who has played his part in one scene, and who takes his place among the audience till it is time for him to go upon the stage again, and quietly looks on at whatever may happen, even though it be the preparation for his own death (in the piece), but afterwards he again goes on the stage and acts and suffers as he must.
就这种退缩到反思而言，他可以比作一个演员，他在一个场景中扮演了自己的角色，然后在观众中占据自己的位置，直到他再次登上舞台，静静地观看任何事情。可能会发生，尽管这是为他自己的死亡（在作品中）做准备，但之后他再次走上舞台，表演他必须承受的痛苦。
From this double life proceeds that quietness peculiar to human beings, so very different from the thoughtlessness of the brutes, and with which, in accordance with previous reflection, or a formed determination, or a recognised necessity, a man suffers or accomplishes in cold blood, what is of the utmost and often terrible importance to him; suicide, execution, the duel, enterprises of every kind fraught with danger to life, and, in general, things against which his whole animal nature rebels.
从这种双重生活中，产生了人类所特有的安静，与畜生的轻率截然不同，凭借这种安静，一个人根据先前的反思，或形成的决心，或公认的必然性，冷酷地遭受痛苦或完成任务。 ，什么对他来说是最重要的，而且往往是非常重要的；自杀、处决、决斗、各种充满生命危险的活动，以及一般而言，他的整个动物本性所反抗的事情。
Under such circumstances we see to what an extent reason has mastered the animal nature, and we say to the strong: σιδηρειον νυ τοι ἡτορ! (_ferreum certe tibi cor_), Il.
在这种情况下，我们看到理性在多大程度上掌控了动物本性，我们对强者说：σιδηρειον νυ τοι ἡτορ！ （_ferreum certe tibi cor_），伊尔。
24, 521.
24、521。
Here we can say truly that reason manifests itself practically, and thus wherever action is guided by reason, where the motives are abstract concepts, wherever we are not determined by particular ideas of perception, nor by the impression of the moment which guides the brutes, there _practical reason_ shows itself.
在这里，我们可以真实地说，理性在实践中表现出来，因此，只要行动是由理性指导的，只要动机是抽象概念，只要我们不被特定的感知观念所决定，也不被引导畜生的瞬间印象所决定， _实际原因_就显现出来了。
But I have fully explained in the Appendix, and illustrated by examples, that this is entirely different from and unrelated to the ethical worth of actions; that rational action and virtuous action are two entirely different things; that reason may just as well find itself in connection with great evil as with great good, and by its assistance may give great power to the one as well as to the other; that it is equally ready and valuable for the methodical and consistent carrying out of the noble and of the bad intention, of the wise as of the foolish maxim; which all results from the constitution of its nature, which is feminine, receptive, retentive, and not spontaneous; all this I have shown in detail in the Appendix, and illustrated by examples.
但我在附录中已经充分解释，并举例说明，这与行为的道德价值完全不同且无关；理性行为和道德行为是完全不同的两件事；理性可能会发现自己既与大恶有关，也与大善有关，并且通过它的帮助，可以为一方和另一方赋予巨大的力量。它对于有条不紊地、始终如一地执行崇高的意图和恶意的意图、明智的和愚蠢的格言来说，同样准备好并有价值；这一切都是其本质的结果，它是女性化的、接受性的、保留性的，而不是自发的；我已在附录中详细展示了所有这些，并通过示例进行了说明。
What is said there would have been placed here, but on account of my polemic against Kant’s pretended practical reason I have been obliged to relegate it to the Appendix, to which I therefore refer.
所说的内容本应放在这里，但由于我对康德假装的实际理性的争论，我不得不将其归入附录，因此我参考了附录。
 The ideal explained in the _Stoical philosophy_ is the most complete development of _practical reason_ in the true and genuine sense of the word; it is the highest summit to which man can attain by the mere use of his reason, and in it his difference from the brutes shows itself most distinctly.
“斯多葛哲学”所解释的理想是真正意义上的“实践理性”的最完整的发展。这是人仅凭理性就能达到的最高境界，在这一点上，人与畜生的区别最为明显。
For the ethics of Stoicism are originally and essentially, not a doctrine of virtue, but merely a guide to a rational life, the end and aim of which is happiness through peace of mind.
因为斯多葛主义的伦理学最初和本质上并不是一种美德学说，而仅仅是一种理性生活的指南，其目的和目的是通过心灵的平静获得幸福。
Virtuous conduct appears in it as it were merely by accident, as the means, not as the end.
道德行为的出现似乎只是偶然，只是手段，而不是目的。
Therefore the ethical theory of Stoicism is in its whole nature and point of view fundamentally different from the ethical systems which lay stress directly upon virtue, such as the doctrines of the Vedas, of Plato, of Christianity, and of Kant.
因此，斯多葛主义的伦理理论在其整体性质和观点上与吠陀经、柏拉图、基督教和康德等直接强调美德的伦理体系有着根本的不同。
The aim of Stoical ethics is happiness: τελος το ευδαι μονειν (_virtutes omnes finem habere beatitudinem_) it is called in the account of the Stoa by Stobæus (Ecl., L.
斯多葛伦理学的目标是幸福：τελος το ευδαι μονειν (_virtutes omnes Finem habere Beatitudinem_)，Stobæus (Ecl., L.
ii.
二.
c.
C。
7, p.
7，p。
114, and also p.
114，以及第 114 页。
138).
138）。
Yet the ethics of Stoicism teach that happiness can only be attained with certainty through inward peace and quietness of spirit (αταραξια), and that this again can only be reached through virtue; this is the whole meaning of the saying that virtue is the highest good.
然而斯多葛主义的伦理学教导说，幸福只能通过内心的平和与精神的宁静（αταραxiια）来确定地获得，而这也只能通过美德来实现。这就是“德为上善”这句话的全部含义。
But if indeed by degrees the end is lost sight of in the means, and virtue is inculcated in a way which discloses an interest entirely different from that of one’s own happiness, for it contradicts this too distinctly; this is just one of those inconsistencies by means of which, in every system, the immediately known, or, as it is called, felt truth leads us back to the right way in defiance of syllogistic reasoning; as, for example, we see clearly in the ethical teaching of Spinoza, which deduces a pure doctrine of virtue from the egoistical _suum utile quærere_ by means of palpable sophisms.
但是，如果确实逐渐地在手段中忽视了目的，而美德的灌输方式却揭示了一种与个人幸福完全不同的利益，因为它与这一点相矛盾得太明显了；这只是那些不一致之处之一，在每一个体系中，直接已知的或所谓的感觉到的真理都通过这些不一致将我们带回正确的道路，而无视三段论的推理。例如，我们在斯宾诺莎的伦理学说中清楚地看到，它通过明显的诡辩从利己主义的“suum utile quærere”中演绎出纯粹的美德学说。
According to this, as I conceive the spirit of the Stoical ethics, their source lies in the question whether the great prerogative of man, reason, which, by means of planned action and its results, relieves life and its burdens so much, might not also be capable of freeing him at once, directly, _i.e._, through mere knowledge, completely, or nearly so, of the sorrows and miseries of every kind of which his life is full.
据此，正如我对斯多葛伦理学的精神的理解，它们的根源在于这样一个问题：人的伟大特权，理性，通过有计划的行动及其结果，极大地减轻了生活及其负担，是否可能不存在？也能够立即、直接地，即仅仅通过知识，完全或几乎完全地使他从他生命中充满的各种悲伤和痛苦中解脱出来。
They held that it was not in keeping with the prerogative of reason that the nature given with it, which by means of it comprehends and contemplates an infinity of things and circumstances, should yet, through the present, and the accidents that can be contained in the few years of a life that is short, fleeting, and uncertain, be exposed to such intense pain, to such great anxiety and suffering, as arise from the tempestuous strain of the desires and the antipathies; and they believed that the due application of reason must raise men above them, and can make them invulnerable.
他们认为，与理性赋予的本性不符合理性的特权，通过它理解和考虑无限的事物和环境，通过现在以及可以包含在其中的意外事件，生命中短暂、转瞬即逝、不确定的几年，会遭受如此剧烈的痛苦、如此巨大的焦虑和痛苦，这些都是由欲望和反感的猛烈压力所引起的；他们相信，合理运用理性必定会使人超越他们，并使他们刀枪不入。
Therefore Antisthenes says: Δει κτασθαι νουν, η βροχον (_aut mentem parandam, aut laqueum._ Plut.
因此安提斯泰尼说： Δει κτασθαι νουν, η βροχον (_aut mentem parandam, aut laqueum._ Plut.
de stoic.
德斯多葛派。
repugn., c.
雷普根角
14), _i.e._, life is so full of troubles and vexations, that one must either rise above it by means of corrected thoughts, or leave it.
14），也就是说，生活充满了烦恼和烦恼，人们要么通过正确的思想来超越它，要么离开它。
It was seen that want and suffering did not directly and of necessity spring from not having, but from desiring to have and not having; that therefore this desire to have is the necessary condition under which alone it becomes a privation not to have and begets pain.
人们发现，匮乏和痛苦并不是直接地、必然地源于不拥有，而是源于渴望拥有和不拥有；因此，这种“拥有”的欲望是必要条件，只有在这种条件下，“不拥有”就会成为一种匮乏，并产生痛苦。
Ου πενια λυπην εργαζεται, αλλα επιθυμια (_non paupertas dolorem efficit, sed cupiditas_), Epict., fragm.
Ου πενια λυπην εργαzeται，αλλα επιθυμια（_non paupertas dolorem 功效，sed cupiditas_），Epict.，片段。
25
25
Men learned also from experience that it is only the hope of what is claimed that begets and nourishes the wish; therefore neither the many unavoidable evils which are common to all, nor unattainable blessings, disquiet or trouble us, but only the trifling more or less of those things which we can avoid or attain; indeed, not only what is absolutely unavoidable or unattainable, but also what is merely relatively so, leaves us quite undisturbed; therefore the ills that have once become joined to our individuality, or the good things that must of necessity always be denied us, are treated with indifference, in accordance with the peculiarity of human nature that every wish soon dies and can no more beget pain if it is not nourished by hope.
人们还从经验中了解到，只有对所声称的事物的希望才能产生并滋养愿望。因此，我们所共有的许多不可避免的祸患，以及无法获得的祝福，都不会令我们不安或烦恼，而只是我们可以避免或获得的那些或多或少的琐事；事实上，不仅是绝对不可避免或无法实现的事情，而且只是相对而言的事情，都让我们泰然自若。因此，一旦与我们的个性结合在一起的弊病，或者必然总是被我们拒绝的美好事物，就会被冷漠地对待，这符合人性的特殊性，即每个愿望很快就会消失，并且不会再产生痛苦，如果它不是由希望滋养的。
It followed from all this that happiness always depends upon the proportion between our claims and what we receive.
由此可见，幸福总是取决于我们的要求与我们所得到的之间的比例。
It is all one whether the quantities thus related be great or small, and the proportion can be established just as well by diminishing the amount of the first as by increasing the amount of the second; and in the same way it also follows that all suffering proceeds from the want of proportion between what we demand and expect and what we get.
无论这样相关的数量是大还是小，都是一个，并且通过减少第一个数量和增加第二个数量都可以确定比例。同样地，所有的痛苦都源于我们的要求和期望与我们得到的之间不成比例。
Now this want of proportion obviously lies only in knowledge, and it could be entirely abolished through fuller insight.(24) Therefore Chrysippus says: δει ζῃν κατ᾽ εμπειριαν των φυσει συμβαινοντων (Stob.
现在，这种比例的缺乏显然只存在于知识中，并且可以通过更全面的洞察力来完全消除。(24) 因此，克里西普斯说：δει zeῃν κατ᾽ εμπειριαν των φυσει συμβαινοντων (Stob.
Ecl., L.
Ecl.，L.
ii.
二.
c.
C。
7, p.
7，p。
134), that is, one ought to live with a due knowledge of the transitory nature of the things of the world.
134），也就是说，一个人应该对世界上事物的短暂性有适当的了解。
For as often as a man loses self-command, or is struck down by a misfortune, or grows angry, or becomes faint-hearted, he shows that he finds things different from what he expected, consequently that he was caught in error, and did not know the world and life, did not know that the will of the individual is crossed at every step by the chance of inanimate nature and the antagonism of aims and the wickedness of other individuals: he has therefore either not made use of his reason in order to arrive at a general knowledge of this characteristic of life, or he lacks judgment, in that he does not recognise in the particular what he knows in general, and is therefore surprised by it and loses his self-command.(25) Thus also every keen pleasure is an error and an illusion, for no attained wish can give lasting satisfaction; and, moreover, every possession and every happiness is but lent by chance for an uncertain time, and may therefore be demanded back the next hour.
因为，当一个人经常失去自制力，或者被不幸击倒，或者变得愤怒，或者变得胆怯时，他就表明他发现的事情与他所期望的不同，因此他陷入了错误，并且不了解世界和生活，不知道个人的意志每一步都会受到无生命自然的偶然性、目标的对抗以及其他个人的邪恶的影响：因此，他要么没有利用他的理性为了获得对生命这一特征的一般了解，或者他缺乏判断力，因为他没有具体地认识到他所知道的一般知识，因此对此感到惊讶并失去了自制力。（25）因此，每一种强烈的快乐都是一种错误和幻觉，因为任何实现的愿望都不能带来持久的满足。而且，每一份财产和每一份幸福都只是偶然借出的，期限不确定，因此可能会在下一个小时被要求归还。
All pain rests on the passing away of such an illusion; thus both arise from defective knowledge; the wise man therefore holds himself equally aloof from joy and sorrow, and no event disturbs his αταραξια.
所有的痛苦都在于这种幻觉的消失；因此，两者都源于有缺陷的知识；因此，智者让自己远离欢乐和悲伤，没有任何事情可以扰乱他的αταραxiια。
 In accordance with this spirit and aim of the Stoa, Epictetus began and ended with the doctrine as the kernel of his philosophy, that we should consider well and distinguish what depends upon us and what does not, and therefore entirely avoid counting upon the latter, whereby we shall certainly remain free from all pain, sorrow, and anxiety.
根据斯多亚的这种精神和目标，爱比克泰德以作为其哲学核心的学说开始和结束，即我们应该仔细考虑并区分什么取决于我们，什么不取决于我们，因此完全避免依赖后者，这样我们就一定能够摆脱一切痛苦、悲伤和焦虑。
But that which alone is dependent upon us is the will; and here a transition gradually takes place to a doctrine of virtue, for it is observed that as the outer world, which is independent of us, determines good and bad fortune, so inner contentment with ourselves, or the absence of it, proceeds from the will.
但唯一依赖于我们的是意志。在这里，逐渐发生了向美德学说的转变，因为据观察，正如独立于我们的外部世界决定好运和坏运一样，对自己的内在满足或不满足也来自于我们的内心满足。将要。
But it was then asked whether we ought to apply the words _bonum_ and _malum_ to the two former or to the two latter? This was indeed arbitrary and a matter of choice, and did not make any real difference, but yet the Stoics disputed everlastingly with the Peripatetics and Epicureans about it, and amused themselves with the inadmissible comparison of two entirely incommensurable quantities, and the antithetical, paradoxical judgments which proceeded from them, and which they flung at each other.
但随后有人问我们是否应该将_bonum_和_malum_这两个词应用于前两个或后两个？这确实是任意的，是一个选择的问题，并没有产生任何真正的区别，但斯多葛学派与逍遥学派和伊壁鸠鲁学派对此进行了无休止的争论，并以两个完全不可通约的量的不可接受的比较以及对立的、悖论的方式自娱自乐。他们做出的判断，以及他们相互之间的判断。
The _Paradoxa_ of Cicero afford us an interesting collection of these from the Stoical side.
西塞罗的_悖论_为我们提供了斯多葛派方面的有趣的集合。
 Zeno, the founder, seems originally to have followed a somewhat different path.
创始人芝诺最初似乎走的是一条不同的道路。
The starting-point with him was that for the attainment of the highest good, _i.e._, blessedness and spiritual peace, one must live in harmony with oneself (ὁμολογουμενους ξῃν; δ᾽ εστι καθ᾽ ἑνα λογον και συμφωνον ξῃν.—_Consonanter vivere: hoc est secundum unam rationem et concordem sibi vivere._ Stob.
他的出发点是，为了获得最高的善，即幸福和精神上的平静，一个人必须与自己和谐相处。_Consonanter vivere: hoc est secundum unam rationem et concordem sibi vivere._ Stob 。
Ecl.
顺便说一句。
eth.
伦理。
L.
L。
ii., c.
二、c.
7, p.
7，p。
132
132
Also: Αρετην διαθεσιν ειναι ψυχης συμφωνον ἑαυτῃ περι ὁλον τον βιον.
又：德性是一生与自己一致的灵魂。
_Virtutem esse animi affectiomem secum per totam vitam consentientem_, _ibid._, p.
_Virtutem esse animiaffeiomem secum per totam vitamconsentientem_，_同上。_，p。
104.) Now this was only possible for a man if he determined himself entirely rationally, according to concepts, not according to changing impressions and moods; since, however, only the maxims of our conduct, not the consequences nor the outward circumstances, are in our power, in order to be always consistent we must set before us as our aim only the maxims and not the consequences and circumstances, and thus again a doctrine of virtue is introduced.
104.) 现在，只有当一个人完全理性地根据概念而不是根据不断变化的印象和情绪来决定自己时，这才有可能实现。然而，由于我们掌握的只是我们行为的准则，而不是后果或外部环境，因此为了始终保持一致，我们必须仅将准则而不是后果和环境作为我们的目标，因此再次引入了美德学说。
 But the ethical principle of Zeno—to live in harmony with oneself—appeared even to his immediate successors to be too formal and empty.
但芝诺的道德原则——与自己和谐相处——甚至在他的直接继任者看来也显得过于正式和空洞。
They therefore gave it material content by the addition—“to live in harmony with nature” (ὁμολογουμενως τῃ φυσει ζῃν), which, as Stobæus mentions in another place, was first added by Kleanthes, and extended the matter very much on account of the wide sphere of the concept and the vagueness of the expression.
因此，他们通过添加“与自然和谐相处”（ὁμολογουμενως τῃ φυσει ζῃν）来赋予它物质内容，正如斯托拜乌斯在另一处提到的那样，这首先是由克林特斯添加的，并且由于概念的广泛性和表达的模糊性。
For Kleanthes meant the whole of nature in general, while Chrysippus meant human nature in particular (Diog.
因为克林西斯一般意味着整个自然，而克里西波斯则具体意味着人性（Diog.
Laert., 7, 89).
拉尔特., 7, 89)。
It followed that what alone was adapted to the latter was virtue, just as the satisfaction of animal desires was adapted to animal natures; and thus ethics had again to be forcibly united to a doctrine of virtue, and in some way or other established through physics.
由此可见，唯一与后者相适应的是美德，正如满足动物欲望与动物本性相适应一样。因此，伦理学必须再次与美德学说强行结合起来，并以某种方式通过物理学建立起来。
For the Stoics always aimed at unity of principle, as for them God and the world were not dissevered.
对于斯多葛派来说，始终以原则的统一为目标，因为对他们来说，上帝和世界并不是分裂的。
 The ethical system of Stoicism, regarded as a whole, is in fact a very valuable and estimable attempt to use the great prerogative of man, reason, for an important and salutary end; to raise him above the suffering and pain to which all life is exposed, by means of a maxim—       “_Qua ratione queas traducere leniter œvum:_     _Ne te semper inops agitet vexetque cupido,_     _Ne pavor et rerum mediocriter utilium spes,_”   and thus to make him partake, in the highest degree, of the dignity which belongs to him as a rational being, as distinguished from the brutes; a dignity of which, in this sense at any rate, we can speak, though not in any other.
斯多葛主义的伦理体系，从整体上看，实际上是一次非常有价值和值得尊敬的尝试，它利用人类的伟大特权——理性，来达到一个重要而有益的目的。通过一句格言，使他超越所有生命所面临的苦难和痛苦——“_Qua Ratione queas traducere leniter œvum:_ _Ne te semper inops agitet vexetque cupido,_ _Ne pavor et rerum mediocrter utilium spes,_”以及从而使他在最高程度上享有属于他作为理性人、有别于畜生的尊严；至少在这个意义上，我们可以谈论这种尊严，尽管不能用其他方式来谈论。
It is a consequence of my view of the ethical system of Stoicism that it must be explained at the part of my work at which I consider what reason is and what it can do.
这是我对斯多葛主义伦理体系的看法的结果，它必须在我的工作部分得到解释，在这部分我考虑理性是什么以及它能做什么。
But although it may to a certain extent be possible to attain that end through the application of reason, and through a purely rational system of ethics, and although experience shows that the happiest men are those purely rational characters commonly called practical philosophers,—and rightly so, because just as the true, that is, the theoretical philosopher carries life into the concept, they carry the concept into life,—yet it is far from the case that perfection can be attained in this way, and that the reason, rightly used, can really free us from the burden and sorrow of life, and lead us to happiness.
但是，尽管在某种程度上，通过运用理性和通过纯粹理性的伦理体系可以达到这一目的，尽管经验表明最幸福的人是那些通常被称为实践哲学家的纯粹理性人物，但这是正确的。因此，因为正如真理，即理论哲学家将生命带入概念一样，他们也将概念带入生活，——然而，以这种方式达到完美的情况还远未达到，而且理性正确地使用，确实可以使我们摆脱生活的负担和悲伤，并带领我们走向幸福。
Rather, there lies an absolute contradiction in wishing to live without suffering, and this contradiction is also implied in the commonly used expression, “blessed life.” This will become perfectly clear to whoever comprehends the whole of the following exposition.
相反，想要没有痛苦的生活是绝对矛盾的，这种矛盾也体现在人们常用的“幸福生活”这个词中。对于理解了以下整个阐述的人来说，这一点将会变得非常清楚。
In this purely rational system of ethics the contradiction reveals itself thus, the Stoic is obliged in his doctrine of the way to the blessed life (for that is what his ethical system always remains) to insert a recommendation of suicide (as among the magnificent ornaments and apparel of Eastern despots there is always a costly vial of poison) for the case in which the sufferings of the body, which cannot be philosophised away by any principles or syllogistic reasonings, are paramount and incurable; thus its one aim, blessedness, is rendered vain, and nothing remains as a mode of escape from suffering except death; in such a case then death must be voluntarily accepted, just as we would take any other medicine.
在这种纯粹理性的伦理体系中，矛盾就这样暴露出来了，斯多葛派有义务在他关于幸福生活之路的学说中（因为这就是他的伦理体系始终保留的）插入自杀的建议（就像在华丽的装饰品中一样）在东方暴君的衣服和衣服上，总是有一瓶昂贵的毒药），因为身体的痛苦是无法用任何原则或三段论推理来消除的，是最重要和无法治愈的；因此，它的唯一目标——幸福——就变得徒然了，除了死亡之外，没有什么可以作为摆脱痛苦的方式了。在这种情况下，我们必须自愿接受死亡，就像我们服用任何其他药物一样。
Here then a marked antagonism is brought out between the ethical system of Stoicism and all those systems referred to above which make virtue in itself directly, and accompanied by the most grievous sorrows, their aim, and will not allow a man to end his life in order to escape from suffering.
在这里，斯多葛主义的伦理体系和上述所有那些直接使美德本身成为美德的体系之间就出现了明显的对立，这些体系的目标是伴随着最严重的悲伤，并且不允许一个人以一种方式结束自己的生命。为了摆脱痛苦。
Not one of them, however, was able to give the true reason for the rejection of suicide, but they laboriously collected illusory explanations from all sides: the true reason will appear in the Fourth Book in the course of the development of our system.
然而，他们中没有一个人能够给出拒绝自杀的真正原因，而是他们费力地从各方收集了虚幻的解释：真正的原因将在我们的系统发展过程中出现在第四本书中。
But the antagonism referred to reveals and establishes the essential difference in fundamental principle between Stoicism, which is just a special form of endæmonism, and those doctrines we have mentioned, although both are often at one in their results, and are apparently related.
但是，这里提到的对立揭示并确立了斯多葛主义（它只是地方性主义的一种特殊形式）与我们所提到的那些学说之间在基本原则上的本质区别，尽管两者在结果上常常是一致的，并且表面上是相关的。
And the inner contradiction referred to above, with which the ethical system of Stoicism is affected even in its fundamental thought, shows itself further in the circumstance that its ideal, the Stoic philosopher, as the system itself represents him, could never obtain life or inner poetic truth, but remains a wooden, stiff lay-figure of which nothing can be made.
斯多葛主义的伦理体系甚至在其基本思想中也受到了上述内在矛盾的影响，这种矛盾在其理想，即斯多葛哲学家，正如该体系本身所代表的那样，永远无法获得生命或内在的情况下进一步显现出来。诗意的真理，但仍然是一个木头、僵硬的世俗形象，无法构成任何东西。
He cannot himself make use of his wisdom, and his perfect peace, contentment, and blessedness directly contradict the nature of man, and preclude us from forming any concrete idea of him.
他自己无法运用他的智慧，他完美的平安、满足和幸福直接与人的本性相矛盾，并阻止我们对他形成任何具体的想法。
When compared with him, how entirely different appear the overcomers of the world, and voluntary hermits that Indian philosophy presents to us, and has actually produced; or indeed, the holy man of Christianity, that excellent form full of deep life, of the greatest poetic truth, and the highest significance, which stands before us in perfect virtue, holiness, and sublimity, yet in a state of supreme suffering.(26)      SECOND BOOK.
与他相比，印度哲学向我们呈现并实际产生的世界征服者和自愿隐士是多么不同；或者确实是基督教的圣人，这种卓越的形式充满了深刻的生命，最伟大的诗意真理和最高的意义，以完美的美德、圣洁和崇高站在我们面前，但处于极度痛苦的状态。 26）第二本书。
THE WORLD AS WILL.
世界如愿。
    First Aspect.
第一个方面。
The Objectification Of The Will.
意志的客观化。
      Nos habitat, non tartara, sed nec sidera coeli:     Spiritus, in nobis qui viget, illa facit.
 Nos栖息地，非tartara，sed nec sidera coeli：Spiritus，in nobis qui viget，illa facit。
  § 17.
 §17.
In the first book we considered the idea merely as such, that is, only according to its general form.
在第一本书中，我们仅仅考虑了这个想法本身，也就是说，只是根据其一般形式。
It is true that as far as the abstract idea, the concept, is concerned, we obtained a knowledge of it in respect of its content also, because it has content and meaning only in relation to the idea of perception, without which it would be worthless and empty.
确实，就抽象观念、概念而言，我们也从其内容方面获得了对它的认识，因为它只有与知觉观念相关时才具有内容和意义，没有感知观念，它就不会存在。毫无价值且空虚。
Accordingly, directing our attention exclusively to the idea of perception, we shall now endeavour to arrive at a knowledge of its content, its more exact definition, and the forms which it presents to us.
因此，我们现在将注意力集中在感知的概念上，努力了解其内容、更准确的定义以及它呈现给我们的形式。
And it will specially interest us to find an explanation of its peculiar significance, that significance which is otherwise merely felt, but on account of which it is that these pictures do not pass by us entirely strange and meaningless, as they must otherwise do, but speak to us directly, are understood, and obtain an interest which concerns our whole nature.
我们特别感兴趣的是找到对其特殊意义的解释，这种意义在其他情况下只能被感觉到，但正因为如此，这些图片在我们眼前经过时并不完全陌生和毫无意义，否则它们一定会如此，而是直接与我们交谈，被理解，并获得涉及我们整个本性的兴趣。
 We direct our attention to mathematics, natural science, and philosophy, for each of these holds out the hope that it will afford us a part of the explanation we desire.
我们将注意力集中在数学、自然科学和哲学上，因为它们中的每一个都希望能够为我们提供我们想要的解释的一部分。
Now, taking philosophy first, we find that it is like a monster with many heads, each of which speaks a different language.
现在，首先来看哲学，我们发现它就像一个有很多头的怪物，每个头都说着不同的语言。
They are not, indeed, all at variance on the point we are here considering, the significance of the idea of perception.
事实上，在我们在这里考虑的这一点上，即知觉概念的重要性，它们并不完全不一致。
For, with the exception of the Sceptics and the Idealists, the others, for the most part, speak very much in the same way of an _object_ which constitutes the _basis_ of the idea, and which is indeed different in its whole being and nature from the idea, but yet is in all points as like it as one egg is to another.
因为，除了怀疑论者和唯心论者之外，其他人在大多数情况下都以同样的方式谈论构成思想基础的“对象”，并且在其整体存在和本质上确实与“对象”不同。这个想法，但在所有方面都就像一个鸡蛋与另一个鸡蛋一样。
But this does not help us, for we are quite unable to distinguish such an object from the idea; we find that they are one and the same; for every object always and for ever presupposes a subject, and therefore remains idea, so that we recognised objectivity as belonging to the most universal form of the idea, which is the division into subject and object.
但这对我们没有帮助，因为我们完全无法将这样的对象与观念区分开来。我们发现它们是同一的；因为每一个客体总是永远以一个主体为前提，因此仍然是观念，因此我们认识到客观性属于观念的最普遍形式，即主体和客体的划分。
Further, the principle of sufficient reason, which is referred to in support of this doctrine, is for us merely the form of the idea, the orderly combination of one idea with another, but not the combination of the whole finite or infinite series of ideas with something which is not idea at all, and which cannot therefore be presented in perception.
此外，支持这一学说的充分理由原则对我们来说仅仅是观念的形式，是一种观念与另一种观念的有序组合，而不是整个有限或无限系列观念的组合。某种根本不是观念的东西，因此不能在知觉中呈现。
Of the Sceptics and Idealists we spoke above, in examining the controversy about the reality of the outer world.
我们在上面谈到了怀疑论者和理想主义者，在审视有关外部世界现实的争论时。
 If we turn to mathematics to look for the fuller knowledge we desire of the idea of perception, which we have, as yet, only understood generally, merely in its form, we find that mathematics only treats of these ideas so far as they fill time and space, that is, so far as they are quantities.
如果我们转向数学来寻找我们所渴望的关于知觉概念的更全面的知识，而我们迄今为止只是一般性地理解知觉概念，仅仅以它的形式，我们会发现数学只处理这些概念，只要它们填补了时间和空间，也就是说，就数量而言。
It will tell us with the greatest accuracy the how-many and the how-much; but as this is always merely relative, that is to say, merely a comparison of one idea with others, and a comparison only in the one respect of quantity, this also is not the information we are principally in search of.
它将最准确地告诉我们有多少和多少；但是，由于这始终只是相对的，也就是说，仅仅是一种想法与其他想法的比较，并且仅在数量的一方面进行比较，因此这也不是我们主要寻找的信息。
 Lastly, if we turn to the wide province of natural science, which is divided into many fields, we may, in the first place, make a general division of it into two parts.
最后，如果我们转向广阔的自然科学领域，它分为许多领域，我们首先可以将其大致分为两部分。
It is either the description of forms, which I call _Morphology_, or the explanation of changes, which I call _Etiology_.
它要么是对形式的描述，我称之为“形态学”，要么是对变化的解释，我称之为“病因学”。
The first treats of the permanent forms, the second of the changing matter, according to the laws of its transition from one form to another.
第一个讨论的是永久形式，第二个讨论的是变化的物质，根据其从一种形式过渡到另一种形式的规律。
The first is the whole extent of what is generally called natural history.
第一个是通常所说的自然历史的全部范围。
It teaches us, especially in the sciences of botany and zoology, the various permanent, organised, and therefore definitely determined forms in the constant change of individuals; and these forms constitute a great part of the content of the idea of perception.
它告诉我们，特别是在植物学和动物学方面，个体在不断变化中存在着各种永久的、有组织的、因此明确确定的形式；这些形式构成了知觉观念内容的很大一部分。
In natural history they are classified, separated, united, arranged according to natural and artificial systems, and brought under concepts which make a general view and knowledge of the whole of them possible.
在自然历史中，它们根据自然和人工系统被分类、分离、统一、排列，并被置于概念之下，从而使对它们整体的一般看法和知识成为可能。
Further, an infinitely fine analogy both in the whole and in the parts of these forms, and running through them all (_unité de plan_), is established, and thus they may be compared to innumerable variations on a theme which is not given.
此外，在这些形式的整体和部分中建立了无限精细的类比，并贯穿它们全部（_unité de plan_），因此它们可以与未给出的主题的无数变体进行比较。
The passage of matter into these forms, that is to say, the origin of individuals, is not a special part of natural science, for every individual springs from its like by generation, which is everywhere equally mysterious, and has as yet evaded definite knowledge.
物质进入这些形式的过程，也就是说个体的起源，并不是自然科学的一个特殊部分，因为每个个体都是从同类中产生的，这在任何地方都同样神秘，并且迄今为止还无法确定的知识。
The little that is known on the subject finds its place in physiology, which belongs to that part of natural science I have called etiology.
关于这个主题我们所知甚少，但在生理学中找到了自己的位置，它属于自然科学的一部分，我称之为病因学。
Mineralogy also, especially where it becomes geology, inclines towards etiology, though it principally belongs to morphology.
矿物学，特别是当它变成地质学时，也倾向于病因学，尽管它主要属于形态学。
Etiology proper comprehends all those branches of natural science in which the chief concern is the knowledge of cause and effect.
病因学真正涵盖了自然科学的所有分支，其中主要关注的是因果知识。
The sciences teach how, according to an invariable rule, one condition of matter is necessarily followed by a certain other condition; how one change necessarily conditions and brings about a certain other change; this sort of teaching is called _explanation_.
科学告诉我们，根据一条不变的规则，物质的一种条件必然伴随着某种其他条件。一个人如何改变必然条件并带来某种其他改变；这种教学称为_解释_。
The principal sciences in this department are mechanics, physics, chemistry, and physiology.
该系的主要科学是力学、物理、化学和生理学。
 If, however, we surrender ourselves to its teaching, we soon become convinced that etiology cannot afford us the information we chiefly desire, any more than morphology.
然而，如果我们屈服于它的教导，我们很快就会相信，病因学无法为我们提供我们主要想要的信息，就像形态学一样。
The latter presents to us innumerable and infinitely varied forms, which are yet related by an unmistakable family likeness.
后者向我们呈现了无数且无限变化的形式，但它们却有着明显的家族相似性。
These are for us ideas, and when only treated in this way, they remain always strange to us, and stand before us like hieroglyphics which we do not understand.
这些对于我们来说都是观念，如果仅以这种方式对待，它们对我们来说总是陌生的，就像我们不理解的象形文字一样站在我们面前。
Etiology, on the other hand, teaches us that, according to the law of cause and effect, this particular condition of matter brings about that other particular condition, and thus it has explained it and performed its part.
另一方面，病因学告诉我们，根据因果法则，物质的这种特定条件会带来另一种特定条件，因此它已经解释了它并履行了它的职责。
However, it really does nothing more than indicate the orderly arrangement according to which the states of matter appear in space and time, and teach in all cases what phenomenon must necessarily appear at a particular time in a particular place.
然而，它实际上无非是表明物质状态在空间和时间中出现的有序排列，并在所有情况下教导在特定时间、特定地点必然出现什么现象。
It thus determines the position of phenomena in time and space, according to a law whose special content is derived from experience, but whose universal form and necessity is yet known to us independently of experience.
因此，它根据一种法则决定了现象在时间和空间中的位置，该法则的特殊内容源自经验，但其普遍形式和必然性仍为我们所知，独立于经验。
But it affords us absolutely no information about the inner nature of any one of these phenomena: this is called a _force of nature_, and it lies outside the province of causal explanation, which calls the constant uniformity with which manifestations of such a force appear whenever their known conditions are present, a _law of nature_.
但它绝对没有向我们提供有关这些现象中任何一种现象的内在本质的信息：这被称为“自然力”，它位于因果解释的范围之外，因果解释称这种力量的表现在任何时候都会出现的恒定一致性他们已知的条件已经存在，这是_自然法则_。
But this law of nature, these conditions, and this appearance in a particular place at a particular time, are all that it knows or ever can know.
但这种自然法则、这些条件以及在特定时间特定地点的出现，都是它所知道或能够知道的。
The force itself which manifests itself, the inner nature of the phenomena which appear in accordance with these laws, remains always a secret to it, something entirely strange and unknown in the case of the simplest as well as of the most complex phenomena.
表现出来的力量本身，即根据这些法则出现的现象的内在本质，始终是一个秘密，无论是最简单的还是最复杂的现象，都是完全陌生和未知的。
For although as yet etiology has most completely achieved its aim in mechanics, and least completely in physiology, still the force on account of which a stone falls to the ground or one body repels another is, in its inner nature, not less strange and mysterious than that which produces the movements and the growth of an animal.
因为，虽然迄今为止，病因学在力学方面已经最完全地实现了其目标，而在生理学方面则最不完全地实现了它的目标，但是，石头落到地上或一个物体排斥另一个物体的力，就其内在本质而言，仍然是陌生和神秘的。比产生动物运动和生长的东西更重要。
The science of mechanics presupposes matter, weight, impenetrability, the possibility of communicating motion by impact, inertia and so forth as ultimate facts, calls them forces of nature, and their necessary and orderly appearance under certain conditions a law of nature.
力学科学将物质、重量、不可穿透性、通过冲击、惯性等传递运动的可能性作为最终事实，称它们为自然力，并将它们在一定条件下必然有序的出现称为自然法则。
Only after this does its explanation begin, and it consists in indicating truly and with mathematical exactness, how, where and when each force manifests itself, and in referring every phenomenon which presents itself to the operation of one of these forces.
只有在此之后，它的解释才开始，它在于真实地、以数学上的精确性来指示每种力如何、在何处以及何时表现出来，以及将出现的每一种现象都归咎于其中一种力的作用。
Physics, chemistry, and physiology proceed in the same way in their province, only they presuppose more and accomplish less.
物理、化学和生理学在各自的省份中以同样的方式进行，只是它们的预设更多而完成的更少。
Consequently the most complete etiological explanation of the whole of nature can never be more than an enumeration of forces which cannot be explained, and a reliable statement of the rule according to which phenomena appear in time and space, succeed, and make way for each other.
因此，对整个自然最完整的病因学解释永远不过是对无法解释的力量的列举，以及对现象在时间和空间中出现、成功和相互让路的规则的可靠陈述。 。
But the inner nature of the forces which thus appear remains unexplained by such an explanation, which must confine itself to phenomena and their arrangement, because the law which it follows does not extend further.
但是，如此出现的力量的内在本质仍然无法通过这样的解释来解释，这种解释必须将自身局限于现象及其排列，因为它所遵循的法则不能进一步延伸。
In this respect it may be compared to a section of a piece of marble which shows many veins beside each other, but does not allow us to trace the course of the veins from the interior of the marble to its surface.
在这方面，它可以与一块大理石的一部分进行比较，该部分显示出许多彼此相邻的纹理，但不允许我们追踪从大理石内部到其表面的纹理的路线。
Or, if I may use an absurd but more striking comparison, the philosophical investigator must always have the same feeling towards the complete etiology of the whole of nature, as a man who, without knowing how, has been brought into a company quite unknown to him, each member of which in turn presents another to him as his friend and cousin, and therefore as quite well known, and yet the man himself, while at each introduction he expresses himself gratified, has always the question on his lips: “But how the deuce do I stand to the whole company?”  Thus we see that, with regard to those phenomena which we know only as our ideas, etiology can never give us the desired information that shall carry us beyond this point.
或者，如果我可以使用一个荒谬但更引人注目的比较的话，哲学研究者必须始终对整个自然的完整病因学有同样的感觉，就像一个人在不知道如何的情况下被带入一个完全不为人所知的公司。他的每个成员都轮流向他介绍另一个人作为他的朋友和堂兄，因此众所周知，然而这个人本人，虽然在每次介绍时都表示满意，但总是在他的嘴唇上提出问题：“但是我在整个公司中的地位如何？因此，我们看到，对于那些我们只知道为我们的观念的现象，病因学永远无法为我们提供所需的信息，使我们超越这一点。
For, after all its explanations, they still remain quite strange to us, as mere ideas whose significance we do not understand.
因为，在进行了所有解释之后，它们对我们来说仍然很陌生，因为它们只是我们不理解其意义的想法。
The causal connection merely gives us the rule and the relative order of their appearance in space and time, but affords us no further knowledge of that which so appears.
因果联系仅仅为我们提供了它们在空间和时间中出现的规则和相对顺序，但没有为我们提供对如此出现的事物的进一步了解。
Moreover, the law of causality itself has only validity for ideas, for objects of a definite class, and it has meaning only in so far as it presupposes them.
此外，因果律本身只对观念、特定类别的对象有效，并且只有在它以这些对象为前提时才有意义。
Thus, like these objects themselves, it always exists only in relation to a subject, that is, conditionally; and so it is known just as well if we start from the subject, _i.e._, _a priori_, as if we start from the object, _i.e._, _a posteriori_.
因此，就像这些客体本身一样，它总是只与主体相关，即有条件地存在；因此，如果我们从主体（即_先验_）开始，就像我们从客体（即_即_后验_）开始一样。
Kant indeed has taught us this.
康德确实教导了我们这一点。
 But what now impels us to inquiry is just that we are not satisfied with knowing that we have ideas, that they are such and such, and that they are connected according to certain laws, the general expression of which is the principle of sufficient reason.
但现在促使我们探究的只是我们不满足于知道我们有想法，知道它们是这样那样的，以及它们根据某些法则联系在一起，而这些法则的一般表达是充足理由原则。
We wish to know the significance of these ideas; we ask whether this world is merely idea; in which case it would pass by us like an empty dream or a baseless vision, not worth our notice; or whether it is also something else, something more than idea, and if so, what.
我们希望知道这些想法的意义；我们问这个世界是否只是一个想法？在这种情况下，它就会像一场空洞的梦或毫无根据的幻象一样从我们身边掠过，不值得我们注意；或者它是否也是别的东西，不仅仅是想法的东西，如果是的话，是什么。
Thus much is certain, that this something we seek for must be completely and in its whole nature different from the idea; that the forms and laws of the idea must therefore be completely foreign to it; further, that we cannot arrive at it from the idea under the guidance of the laws which merely combine objects, ideas, among themselves, and which are the forms of the principle of sufficient reason.
因此可以肯定的是，我们所寻求的东西在本质上必定与我们的想法完全不同。因此，这个想法的形式和法则一定是完全陌生的；此外，我们不能从法律指导下的观念得出它，这些法律只是将对象、观念相互结合起来，并且是充分理由原则的形式。
 Thus we see already that we can never arrive at the real nature of things from without.
因此，我们已经看到，我们永远无法从外部到达事物的真实本质。
However much we investigate, we can never reach anything but images and names.
无论我们进行多少调查，除了图像和名称之外，我们永远无法获得任何东西。
We are like a man who goes round a castle seeking in vain for an entrance, and sometimes sketching the façades.
我们就像一个人绕着一座城堡徒劳地寻找入口，有时还画出外墙的草图。
And yet this is the method that has been followed by all philosophers before me.
然而，这是我之前所有哲学家都遵循的方法。
 § 18.
第18节。
In fact, the meaning for which we seek of that world which is present to us only as our idea, or the transition from the world as mere idea of the knowing subject to whatever it may be besides this, would never be found if the investigator himself were nothing more than the pure knowing subject (a winged cherub without a body).
事实上，我们所寻求的那个仅作为我们的观念呈现给我们的世界的意义，或者从作为认识主体的纯粹观念的世界到除此之外的任何事物的过渡，如果研究者他自己只不过是纯粹的认知主体（一个没有身体的有翅膀的小天使）。
But he is himself rooted in that world; he finds himself in it as an _individual_, that is to say, his knowledge, which is the necessary supporter of the whole world as idea, is yet always given through the medium of a body, whose affections are, as we have shown, the starting-point for the understanding in the perception of that world.
但他自己却扎根于那个世界；他发现自己作为一个个体存在于其中，也就是说，他的知识是作为观念的整个世界的必要支持者，但它总是通过身体这一媒介来提供的，正如我们已经表明的那样，身体的情感是理解那个世界的感知的起点。
His body is, for the pure knowing subject, an idea like every other idea, an object among objects.
对于纯粹认识的主体来说，他的身体是一个像其他所有观念一样的观念，是物体中的一个物体。
Its movements and actions are so far known to him in precisely the same way as the changes of all other perceived objects, and would be just as strange and incomprehensible to him if their meaning were not explained for him in an entirely different way.
迄今为止，他所知道的其运动和动作与所有其他感知物体的变化完全相同，并且如果不以完全不同的方式向他解释它们的含义，他也会感到陌生和难以理解。
Otherwise he would see his actions follow upon given motives with the constancy of a law of nature, just as the changes of other objects follow upon causes, stimuli, or motives.
否则，他就会看到自己的行为遵循自然法则的恒常性，遵循给定的动机，就像其他物体的变化遵循原因、刺激或动机一样。
But he would not understand the influence of the motives any more than the connection between every other effect which he sees and its cause.
但他不会理解动机的影响，就像他不会理解他所看到的其他所有结果与其原因之间的联系一样。
He would then call the inner nature of these manifestations and actions of his body which he did not understand a force, a quality, or a character, as he pleased, but he would have no further insight into it.
然后，他会随心所欲地将这些他不理解的身体表现和行为的内在本质称为力量、品质或性格，但他不会对此有进一步的洞察。
But all this is not the case; indeed the answer to the riddle is given to the subject of knowledge who appears as an individual, and the answer is _will_.
但事实并非如此；事实上，这个谜语的答案是给以个体的形式出现的知识主体，答案是_意志_。
This and this alone gives him the key to his own existence, reveals to him the significance, shows him the inner mechanism of his being, of his action, of his movements.
仅此一点就给了他自己存在的钥匙，向他揭示了意义，向他展示了他的存在、他的行动、他的运动的内在机制。
The body is given in two entirely different ways to the subject of knowledge, who becomes an individual only through his identity with it.
身体以两种完全不同的方式赋予知识主体，知识主体只有通过与身体的同一性才能成为个体。
It is given as an idea in intelligent perception, as an object among objects and subject to the laws of objects.
它是作为智能感知中的一个观念、作为物体中的物体并服从物体法则而给出的。
And it is also given in quite a different way as that which is immediately known to every one, and is signified by the word _will_.
而且它的表达方式也与众所周知的完全不同，用_will_这个词来表示。
Every true act of his will is also at once and without exception a movement of his body.
他的每一个真正的意志行为也毫无例外地同时也是他身体的运动。
The act of will and the movement of the body are not two different things objectively known, which the bond of causality unites; they do not stand in the relation of cause and effect; they are one and the same, but they are given in entirely different ways,—immediately, and again in perception for the understanding.
意志的行为和身体的运动并不是客观上已知的两个不同的事物，它们是通过因果关系结合在一起的；它们不存在因果关系；它们是同一的，但它们是以完全不同的方式给出的——立即地、再一次地在感知中获得理解。
The action of the body is nothing but the act of the will objectified, _i.e._, passed into perception.
身体的行动只不过是客观化的意志的行动，即，传递到感知中。
It will appear later that this is true of every movement of the body, not merely those which follow upon motives, but also involuntary movements which follow upon mere stimuli, and, indeed, that the whole body is nothing but objectified will, _i.e._, will become idea.
稍后我们会发现，身体的每一个运动都是如此，不仅是那些遵循动机的运动，而且还包括仅仅遵循刺激的无意识运动，而且，事实上，整个身体只不过是客观化的意志，即._，将成为想法。
All this will be proved and made quite clear in the course of this work.
所有这些都将在这项工作的过程中得到证明和明确。
In one respect, therefore, I shall call the body the _objectivity of will_; as in the previous book, and in the essay on the principle of sufficient reason, in accordance with the one-sided point of view intentionally adopted there (that of the idea), I called it _the immediate object_.
因此，在一方面，我将把身体称为“意志的客观性”；正如在前一本书和关于充分理由原则的文章中一样，根据那里有意采用的片面观点（观念的观点），我将其称为“直接对象”。
Thus in a certain sense we may also say that will is the knowledge _a priori_ of the body, and the body is the knowledge _a posteriori_ of the will.
因此，在某种意义上，我们也可以说，意志是身体的先验知识，身体是意志的后验知识。
Resolutions of the will which relate to the future are merely deliberations of the reason about what we shall will at a particular time, not real acts of will.
与未来有关的意志决议仅仅是对我们在特定时间将要做什么的理性的深思熟虑，而不是真正的意志行为。
Only the carrying out of the resolve stamps it as will, for till then it is never more than an intention that may be changed, and that exists only in the reason _in abstracto_.
只有执行决心才能将其打上意志的印记，因为在那之前，它只不过是一个可以改变的意图，并且只存在于抽象的理性中。
It is only in reflection that to will and to act are different; in reality they are one.
只有在反思中，意志和行动才会有所不同；事实上他们是一体的。
Every true, genuine, immediate act of will is also, at once and immediately, a visible act of the body.
每一个真实的、真实的、直接的意志行为同时也是身体的可见行为。
And, corresponding to this, every impression upon the body is also, on the other hand, at once and immediately an impression upon the will.
与此相对应的是，另一方面，身体上的每一个印象也立即成为意志上的印象。
As such it is called pain when it is opposed to the will; gratification or pleasure when it is in accordance with it.
因此，当它与意志相反时，它被称为痛苦；当它与意志相反时，它被称为痛苦。当符合它时，就会感到满足或快乐。
The degrees of both are widely different.
两者的程度相差很大。
It is quite wrong, however, to call pain and pleasure ideas, for they are by no means ideas, but immediate affections of the will in its manifestation, the body; compulsory, instantaneous willing or not-willing of the impression which the body sustains.
然而，把痛苦和快乐称为观念是完全错误的，因为它们绝不是观念，而是意志在其表现形式（身体）中的直接情感。强制的、瞬时的愿意或不愿意的身体所维持的印象。
There are only a few impressions of the body which do not touch the will, and it is through these alone that the body is an immediate object of knowledge, for, as perceived by the understanding, it is already an indirect object like all others.
只有少数关于身体的印象不触及意志，正是通过这些印象，身体才成为知识的直接对象，因为，正如知性所感知的那样，它已经像所有其他对象一样是间接对象了。
These impressions are, therefore, to be treated directly as mere ideas, and excepted from what has been said.
因此，这些印象应直接视为纯粹的想法，并排除在已说过的内容之外。
The impressions we refer to are the affections of the purely objective senses of sight, hearing, and touch, though only so far as these organs are affected in the way which is specially peculiar to their specific nature.
我们所指的印象是纯粹客观的视觉、听觉和触觉的感觉，尽管只是这些器官以其特定性质所特有的方式受到影响。
This affection of them is so excessively weak an excitement of the heightened and specifically modified sensibility of these parts that it does not affect the will, but only furnishes the understanding with the data out of which the perception arises, undisturbed by any excitement of the will.
它们的这种影响是如此的微弱，以至于这些部分的高度和专门修改的敏感性的兴奋，它不会影响意志，而只是为理解提供产生知觉的数据，不受任何意志兴奋的干扰。
But every stronger or different kind of affection of these organs of sense is painful, that is to say, against the will, and thus they also belong to its objectivity.
但这些感觉器官的每一种更强的或不同种类的情感都是痛苦的，也就是说，是违背意志的，因此它们也属于其客观性。
Weakness of the nerves shows itself in this, that the impressions which have only such a degree of strength as would usually be sufficient to make them data for the understanding reach the higher degree at which they influence the will, that is to say, give pain or pleasure, though more often pain, which is, however, to some extent deadened and inarticulate, so that not only particular tones and strong light are painful to us, but there ensues a generally unhealthy and hypochondriacal disposition which is not distinctly understood.
神经的弱点表现在这一点上，印象的强度通常足以使它们成为理解的数据，达到影响意志的更高程度，也就是说，产生痛苦或快乐，虽然更常见的是痛苦，然而，在某种程度上，这种痛苦是迟钝和难以言喻的，因此，不仅特定的音调和强光对我们来说是痛苦的，而且随之而来的是一种普遍不健康和疑病症的倾向，这种倾向还没有被清楚地理解。
The identity of the body and the will shows itself further, among other ways, in the circumstance that every vehement and excessive movement of the will, _i.e._, every emotion, agitates the body and its inner constitution directly, and disturbs the course of its vital functions.
身体和意志的同一性在其他方面进一步表现出来，因为意志的每一次激烈和过度的运动，即每一种情绪，都会直接激动身体及其内在构造，并扰乱身体的结构。其重要功能的过程。
This is shown in detail in “Will in Nature,” p.
这在《自然意志》第 14 页中有详细说明。
27 of the second edition and p.
第二版第 27 页和第 27 页。
28 of the third.
第三个28。
 Lastly, the knowledge which I have of my will, though it is immediate, cannot be separated from that which I have of my body.
最后，我对自己意志的了解虽然是直接的，但不能与我对自己身体的了解分开。
I know my will, not as a whole, not as a unity, not completely, according to its nature, but I know it only in its particular acts, and therefore in time, which is the form of the phenomenal aspect of my body, as of every object.
我知道我的意志，不是作为一个整体，不是作为一个统一体，不是完全地，根据它的本质，但我只在它的特定行为中知道它，因此在时间中，这是我身体的现象方面的形式，就像每个对象一样。
Therefore the body is a condition of the knowledge of my will.
因此，身体是了解我的意志的一个条件。
Thus, I cannot really imagine this will apart from my body.
因此，离开我的身体，我无法真正想象这个意志。
In the essay on the principle of sufficient reason, the will, or rather the subject of willing, is treated as a special class of ideas or objects.
在充分理由原则的文章中，意志，或者更确切地说，意愿的主体，被视为一类特殊的想法或对象。
But even there we saw this object become one with the subject; that is, we saw it cease to be an object.
但即使在那里，我们也看到这个客体与主体合而为一；也就是说，我们看到它不再是一个物体。
We there called this union the miracle κατ᾽ εξοχην, and the whole of the present work is to a certain extent an explanation of this.
我们称这种结合为奇迹κατ᾽ εxiοχην，而目前的全部工作在一定程度上是对此的解释。
So far as I know my will specially as object, I know it as body.
就我所知道的我的意志（特别是作为对象而言）而言，我知道它是身体。
But then I am again at the first class of ideas laid down in that essay, _i.e._, real objects.
但随后我又回到了那篇文章中提出的第一类想法，即真实的物体。
As we proceed we shall see always more clearly that these ideas of the first class obtain their explanation and solution from those of the fourth class given in the essay, which could no longer be properly opposed to the subject as object, and that, therefore, we must learn to understand the inner nature of the law of causality which is valid in the first class, and of all that happens in accordance with it from the law of motivation which governs the fourth class.
当我们继续前进时，我们总是会更清楚地看到，第一类的这些思想从文章中给出的第四类的思想中获得了解释和解决方案，第四类的思想不再能正确地与作为客体的主体相对立，因此，我们必须学会理解在第一类中有效的因果律的内在本质，以及根据支配第四类的动机律而发生的一切的内在本质。
 The identity of the will and the body, of which we have now given a cursory explanation, can only be proved in the manner we have adopted here.
意志与身体的同一性，我们现在已作了粗略的解释，只能用我们这里采用的方式来证明。
We have proved this identity for the first time, and shall do so more and more fully in the course of this work.
我们首次证明了这一身份，并将在这项工作中越来越充分地证明这一点。
By “proved” we mean raised from the immediate consciousness, from knowledge in the concrete to abstract knowledge of the reason, or carried over into abstract knowledge.
“证明”是指从直接意识中升起，从具体的知识上升到抽象的理性知识，或者延续到抽象的知识。
On the other hand, from its very nature it can never be demonstrated, that is, deduced as indirect knowledge from some other more direct knowledge, just because it is itself the most direct knowledge; and if we do not apprehend it and stick to it as such, we shall expect in vain to receive it again in some indirect way as derivative knowledge.
另一方面，从其本质来看，它永远不能被证明，也就是说，不能从其他更直接的知识中推导出间接知识，因为它本身就是最直接的知识。如果我们不理解它并坚持它本身，我们将徒劳地期望以某种间接的方式再次接受它作为派生知识。
It is knowledge of quite a special kind, whose truth cannot therefore properly be brought under any of the four rubrics under which I have classified all truth in the essay on the principle of sufficient reason, § 29, the logical, the empirical, the metaphysical, and the metalogical, for it is not, like all these, the relation of an abstract idea to another idea, or to the necessary form of perceptive or of abstract ideation, but it is the relation of a judgment to the connection which an idea of perception, the body, has to that which is not an idea at all, but something _toto genere_ different, will.
这是一种相当特殊的知识，因此，其真理不能正确地归入我根据充足理由原则将文章中的所有真理分类的四个标题中的任何一个，第29节，逻辑的，经验的，形而上学的和元逻辑，因为它不像所有这些那样，不是一个抽象观念与另一个观念的关系，也不是与感知或抽象观念的必要形式的关系，而是一种判断与一个观念之间的联系的关系。感知的身体，必须有一个根本不是一个想法的东西，而是某种完全不同的东西，意志。
I should like therefore to distinguish this from all other truth, and call it κατ᾽ εξοχην _philosophical truth_.
因此，我想将其与所有其他真理区分开来，并将其称为 κατ᾽ ενοχην _哲学真理_。
We can turn the expression of this truth in different ways and say: My body and my will are one;—or, What as an idea of perception I call my body, I call my will, so far as I am conscious of it in an entirely different way which cannot be compared to any other;—or, My body is the _objectivity_ of my will;—or, My body considered apart from the fact that it is my idea is still my will, and so forth.(27)  § 19.
我们可以用不同的方式表达这一真理，并说：我的身体和我的意志是一体的；或者，作为一种知觉观念，我称之为我的身体，我称之为我的意志，就我在其中意识到的而言。一种完全不同的方式，无法与任何其他方式进行比较；——或者，我的身体是我意志的_客观性_；——或者，我的身体除了我的想法仍然是我的意志这一事实之外考虑，等等。（27 ) § 19.
In the first book we were reluctantly driven to explain the human body as merely idea of the subject which knows it, like all the other objects of this world of perception.
在第一本书中，我们不情愿地将人体解释为仅仅是认识它的主体的概念，就像这个感知世界的所有其他物体一样。
But it has now become clear that what enables us consciously to distinguish our own body from all other objects which in other respects are precisely the same, is that our body appears in consciousness in quite another way _toto genere_ different from idea, and this we denote by the word _will_; and that it is just this double knowledge which we have of our own body that affords us information about it, about its action and movement following on motives, and also about what it experiences by means of external impressions; in a word, about what it is, not as idea, but as more than idea; that is to say, what it is _in itself_.
但现在已经很清楚，使我们能够有意识地将我们自己的身体与在其他方面完全相同的所有其他物体区分开来的是，我们的身体以完全不同于观念的另一种方式_totogenere_出现在意识中，我们将其表示为用_will_这个词；正是我们对自己的身体所拥有的双重知识，为我们提供了关于它的信息，关于它遵循动机的行动和运动，以及关于它通过外部印象所经历的事情；总之，关于它是什么，不是作为想法，而是不仅仅是想法；也就是说，它本身是什么。
None of this information have we got directly with regard to the nature, action, and experience of other real objects.
我们没有直接获得有关其他真实物体的性质、行为和经验的信息。
 It is just because of this special relation to one body that the knowing subject is an individual.
正是由于这种与一个身体的特殊关系，认识主体才成为一个个体。
For regarded apart from this relation, his body is for him only an idea like all other ideas.
离开这种关系，他的身体对他来说只是一个概念，就像所有其他概念一样。
But the relation through which the knowing subject is an _individual_, is just on that account a relation which subsists only between him and one particular idea of all those which he has.
但是，认知主体通过其成为“个体”的关系，正是由于这个原因，一种仅存在于他和他所拥有的所有观念中的一个特定观念之间的关系。
Therefore he is conscious of this _one_ idea, not merely as an idea, but in quite a different way as a will.
因此，他意识到这个唯一的想法，不仅仅是作为一个想法，而是以一种完全不同的方式作为一种意志。
If, however, he abstracts from that special relation, from that twofold and completely heterogeneous knowledge of what is one and the same, then that _one_, the body, is an idea like all other ideas.
然而，如果他从那种特殊的关系中，从那种关于同一性的双重且完全异质的知识中抽象出来，那么，“一”，即身体，就是一个像所有其他想法一样的想法。
Therefore, in order to understand the matter, the individual who knows must either assume that what distinguishes that one idea from others is merely the fact that his knowledge stands in this double relation to it alone; that insight in two ways at the same time is open to him only in the case of this one object of perception, and that this is to be explained not by the difference of this object from all others, but only by the difference between the relation of his knowledge to this one object, and its relation to all other objects.
因此，为了理解这个问题，有知识的个人必须要么假设一个想法与其他想法的区别仅仅是这样一个事实，即他的知识仅与这个想法存在双重关系；要么假设一个想法与其他想法的区别仅仅在于他的知识与这个想法的双重关系。只有在这个单一的感知对象的情况下，他才能同时以两种方式获得洞察力，并且这不能通过该对象与所有其他对象的差异来解释，而只能通过关系之间的差异来解释。他对这一对象的了解，以及它与所有其他对象的关系。
Or else he must assume that this object is essentially different from all others; that it alone of all objects is at once both will and idea, while the rest are only ideas, _i.e._, only phantoms.
否则他必须假设这个物体本质上与所有其他物体不同；在所有物体中，只有它既是意志又是观念，而其余的都只是观念，也就是说，只是幻影。
Thus he must assume that his body is the only real individual in the world, _i.e._, the only phenomenon of will and the only immediate object of the subject.
因此，他必须假设他的身体是世界上唯一真实的个体，即唯一的意志现象和主体唯一的直接客体。
That other objects, considered merely as _ideas_, are like his body, that is, like it, fill space (which itself can only be present as idea), and also, like it, are causally active in space, is indeed demonstrably certain from the law of causality which is _a priori_ valid for ideas, and which admits of no effect without a cause; but apart from the fact that we can only reason from an effect to a cause generally, and not to a similar cause, we are still in the sphere of mere ideas, in which alone the law of causality is valid, and beyond which it can never take us.
其他物体，仅仅被视为_想法_，就像他的身体一样，也就是说，像它一样，填充空间（它本身只能作为想法呈现），并且也像它一样，在空间中具有因果活动性，这确实可以从以下事实中明显地确定：因果律对于观念来说是先验有效的，并且不允许没有原因的结果；但是，除了我们只能从一般的结果推理出原因，而不能推理出类似的原因这一事实之外，我们仍然处于纯粹的观念领域，只有在观念领域中，因果律才是有效的，并且除此之外，它还可以推理出因果律。永远不要带走我们。
But whether the objects known to the individual only as ideas are yet, like his own body, manifestations of a will, is, as was said in the First Book, the proper meaning of the question as to the reality of the external world.
但是，正如第一本书中所说，个体仅以观念形式认识的物体是否仍然像他自己的身体一样，是意志的表现，这就是关于外部世界现实的问题的正确含义。
To deny this is _theoretical egoism_, which on that account regards all phenomena that are outside its own will as phantoms, just as in a practical reference exactly the same thing is done by practical egoism.
否认这一点就是“理论利己主义”，因此理论利己主义将所有超出其自身意志的现象视为幻影，正如在实际参考中，实践利己主义所做的事情完全相同。
For in it a man regards and treats himself alone as a person, and all other persons as mere phantoms.
因为在其中，一个人只将自己视为一个人，而将所有其他人视为纯粹的幻影。
Theoretical egoism can never be demonstrably refuted, yet in philosophy it has never been used otherwise than as a sceptical sophism, _i.e._, a pretence.
理论上的利己主义永远无法被明显地反驳，但在哲学中，它除了作为一种怀疑的诡辩，即一种借口之外，从未被使用过。
As a serious conviction, on the other hand, it could only be found in a madhouse, and as such it stands in need of a cure rather than a refutation.
另一方面，作为一种严肃的信念，它只能在疯人院中找到，因此它需要治愈而不是反驳。
We do not therefore combat it any further in this regard, but treat it as merely the last stronghold of scepticism, which is always polemical.
因此，我们在这方面不再进一步反对它，而只是将其视为怀疑论的最后据点，而怀疑论总是充满争议。
Thus our knowledge, which is always bound to individuality and is limited by this circumstance, brings with it the necessity that each of us can only _be one_, while, on the other hand, each of us can _know all_; and it is this limitation that creates the need for philosophy.
因此，我们的知识总是与个体性联系在一起并受到这种环境的限制，因此我们每个人都只能“成为一个”，而另一方面，我们每个人都可以“知道一切”；正是这种限制创造了对哲学的需求。
We therefore who, for this very reason, are striving to extend the limits of our knowledge through philosophy, will treat this sceptical argument of theoretical egoism which meets us, as an army would treat a small frontier fortress.
因此，正是出于这个原因，我们这些努力通过哲学扩展我们的知识极限的人，将会像对待一支军队对待一座小型边境堡垒一样对待我们遇到的这种理论利己主义的怀疑论点。
The fortress cannot indeed be taken, but the garrison can never sally forth from it, and therefore we pass it by without danger, and are not afraid to have it in our rear.
堡垒固然攻不下，但守军却绝不能从中出击，所以我们可以毫无危险地通过它，也不怕它在我们的后方。
 The double knowledge which each of us has of the nature and activity of his own body, and which is given in two completely different ways, has now been clearly brought out.
我们每个人对自己身体的性质和活动所拥有的双重知识，以及以两种完全不同的方式给出的知识，现在已经被清楚地展现出来。
We shall accordingly make further use of it as a key to the nature of every phenomenon in nature, and shall judge of all objects which are not our own bodies, and are consequently not given to our consciousness in a double way but only as ideas, according to the analogy of our own bodies, and shall therefore assume that as in one aspect they are idea, just like our bodies, and in this respect are analogous to them, so in another aspect, what remains of objects when we set aside their existence as idea of the subject, must in its inner nature be the same as that in us which we call _will_.
因此，我们将进一步利用它作为了解自然界中每种现象的本质的钥匙，并判断所有不是我们自己身体的物体，因此不会以双重方式而仅作为观念而被赋予我们的意识，根据我们自己的身体的类比，因此应该假设，在一方面，它们是观念，就像我们的身体一样，在这方面与它们相似，所以在另一方面，当我们抛开物体时，物体还剩下什么？作为主体观念的存在，就其内在本质而言，必须与我们所说的“意志”相同。
For what other kind of existence or reality should we attribute to the rest of the material world? Whence should we take the elements out of which we construct such a world? Besides will and idea nothing is known to us or thinkable.
我们应该将哪种其他类型的存在或现实归因于物质世界的其他部分？我们应该从哪里提取构建这样一个世界的元素？除了意志和观念之外，我们一无所知或无法想象。
If we wish to attribute the greatest known reality to the material world which exists immediately only in our idea, we give it the reality which our own body has for each of us; for that is the most real thing for every one.
如果我们希望将已知的最伟大的现实归因于仅直接存在于我们的观念中的物质世界，那么我们就将我们自己的身体所拥有的现实赋予它。因为这对每个人来说都是最真实的事情。
But if we now analyse the reality of this body and its actions, beyond the fact that it is idea, we find nothing in it except the will; with this its reality is exhausted.
但是，如果我们现在分析这个身体及其行为的现实，除了它是观念这一事实之外，我们在其中除了意志之外什么也找不到。至此，它的现实就耗尽了。
Therefore we can nowhere find another kind of reality which we can attribute to the material world.
因此，我们无法找到另一种可以归因于物质世界的现实。
Thus if we hold that the material world is something more than merely our idea, we must say that besides being idea, that is, in itself and according to its inmost nature, it is that which we find immediately in ourselves as _will_.
因此，如果我们认为物质世界不仅仅是我们的观念，那么我们必须说，它除了是观念之外，也就是说，它本身并根据其最内在的本质，它是我们立即在自己身上发现的“意志”。
I say according to its inmost nature; but we must first come to know more accurately this real nature of the will, in order that we may be able to distinguish from it what does not belong to itself, but to its manifestation, which has many grades.
我说的是根据其最本质的性质；但我们必须首先更准确地了解意志的真实本质，以便我们能够将意志与意志区分开来，什么不属于意志本身，而是属于意志的表现，而意志的表现有很多等级。
Such, for example, is the circumstance of its being accompanied by knowledge, and the determination by motives which is conditioned by this knowledge.
例如，这就是它伴随着知识的情况，以及由这种知识所制约的动机的决定。
As we shall see farther on, this does not belong to the real nature of will, but merely to its distinct manifestation as an animal or a human being.
正如我们将进一步看到的，这并不属于意志的真正本质，而仅仅是意志作为动物或人类的独特表现。
If, therefore, I say,—the force which attracts a stone to the earth is according to its nature, in itself, and apart from all idea, will, I shall not be supposed to express in this proposition the insane opinion that the stone moves itself in accordance with a known motive, merely because this is the way in which will appears in man.(28) We shall now proceed more clearly and in detail to prove, establish, and develop to its full extent what as yet has only been provisionally and generally explained.(29)  § 20.
因此，如果我说——将一块石头吸引到地球上的力是根据其本身的性质而定的，并且不考虑任何想法，那么我就不应该在这个命题中表达这样一种疯狂的观点：石头意志按照已知的动机运动，仅仅因为这是人的意志显现的方式。（28）我们现在将更清楚、更详细地证明、建立和发展迄今为止仅存在的东西。已进行临时和一般性解释。(29) § 20。
As we have said, the will proclaims itself primarily in the voluntary movements of our own body, as the inmost nature of this body, as that which it is besides being object of perception, idea.
正如我们所说，意志主要在我们自己身体的自愿运动中表现出来，作为这个身体的最内在本质，作为它除了作为感知对象、观念之外的东西。
For these voluntary movements are nothing else than the visible aspect of the individual acts of will, with which they are directly coincident and identical, and only distinguished through the form of knowledge into which they have passed, and in which alone they can be known, the form of idea.
因为这些自愿运动只不过是个体意志行为的可见方面，它们与它们直接一致和相同，并且只能通过它们所进入的知识形式来区分，并且只有在知识形式中它们才能被认识，想法的形式。
 But these acts of will have always a ground or reason outside themselves in motives.
但这些意志行为总是有动机之外的理由或理由。
Yet these motives never determine more than what I will at _this_ time, in _this_ place, and under _these_ circumstances, not _that_ I will in general, or _what_ I will in general, that is, the maxims which characterise my volition generally.
然而，这些动机永远不会比我在这个时间、这个地点和在这些情况下会做什么更能决定，而不是一般意义上我会做什么，或者一般来说我会做什么，即概括我的意志的格言。
Therefore the inner nature of my volition cannot be explained from these motives; but they merely determine its manifestation at a given point of time: they are merely the occasion of my will showing itself; but the will itself lies outside the province of the law of motivation, which determines nothing but its appearance at each point of time.
因此，我的意志的内在本质不能用这些动机来解释；但它们只是决定了它在特定时间点的表现：它们只是我的意志表现出来的场合；但意志本身并不在动机法则的管辖范围之内，动机法则只决定它在每个时间点的出现。
It is only under the presupposition of my empirical character that the motive is a sufficient ground of explanation of my action.
只有在我的经验特征的前提下，动机才是解释我的行为的充分依据。
But if I abstract from my character, and then ask, why, in general, I will this and not that, no answer is possible, because it is only the manifestation of the will that is subject to the principle of sufficient reason, and not the will itself, which in this respect is to be called _groundless_.
但是，如果我从我的性格中抽象出来，然后问，为什么一般来说，我会这样而不是那样，那么就不可能有答案，因为这只是服从充分理由原则的意志的表现，而不是意志的表现。意志本身，在这方面被称为“无根据的”。
At this point I presuppose Kant’s doctrine of the empirical and intelligible character, and also my own treatment of the subject in “The Fundamental Problems of Ethics,” pp.
在这一点上，我预设了康德的经验性和可理解性特征的学说，以及我自己在“伦理学的基本问题”中对这个主题的处理，第 177 页。
48, 58, and 178, _et seq._, of first edition (p.
第一版的第 48、58 和 178 _et seq._（第 17 页）
174, _et seq._, of second edition).
174，_et seq._，第二版）。
I shall also have to speak more fully on the question in the Fourth Book.
我还必须在第四本书中更全面地谈论这个问题。
For the present, I have only to draw attention to this, that the fact of one manifestation being established through another, as here the deed through the motive, does not at all conflict with the fact that its real nature is will, which itself has no _ground_; for as the principle of sufficient reason in all its aspects is only the form of knowledge, its validity extends only to the idea, to the phenomena, to the visibility of the will, but not to the will itself, which becomes visible.
目前，我只需提请注意这一点，即一种表现形式通过另一种表现形式建立起来的事实，正如这里通过动机进行的行为，与它的真实本质是意志这一事实并不冲突，而意志本身就具有意志性。没有_地面_；因为充分理性原则在其各个方面都只是知识的形式，因此它的有效性只延伸到观念、现象、意志的可见性，而不延伸到变得可见的意志本身。
 If now every action of my body is the manifestation of an act of will in which my will itself in general, and as a whole, thus my character, expresses itself under given motives, manifestation of the will must be the inevitable condition and presupposition of every action.
如果现在我身体的每一个动作都是意志行为的表现，其中我的意志本身，作为一个整体，也就是我的性格，在给定的动机下表达自己，那么意志的表现必然是意志的必然条件和前提。每一个动作。
For the fact of its manifestation cannot depend upon something which does not exist directly and only through it, which consequently is for it merely accidental, and through which its manifestation itself would be merely accidental.
因为它的显现这一事实不能依赖于某种不直接存在且只能通过它存在的东西，因此，对它来说，这仅仅是偶然的，而通过它，它的显现本身也只是偶然的。
Now that condition is just the whole body itself.
现在，这种状况只是整个身体本身。
Thus the body itself must be manifestation of the will, and it must be related to my will as a whole, that is, to my intelligible character, whose phenomenal appearance in time is my empirical character, as the particular action of the body is related to the particular act of the will.
因此，身体本身必定是意志的表现，它必定与我作为一个整体的意志有关，即与我的可理知的性格有关，它在时间中的现象性表现就是我的经验性格，因为身体的特殊行动与我的经验性格有关。到特定的意志行为。
The whole body, then, must be simply my will become visible, must be my will itself, so far as this is object of perception, an idea of the first class.
那么，整个身体一定是我的意志变得可见，一定是我的意志本身，因为它是感知的对象，是第一等的观念。
It has already been advanced in confirmation of this that every impression upon my body also affects my will at once and immediately, and in this respect is called pain or pleasure, or, in its lower degrees, agreeable or disagreeable sensation; and also, conversely, that every violent movement of the will, every emotion or passion, convulses the body and disturbs the course of its functions.
已经证实了这一点，即我身体上的每一个印象也会立刻立即影响我的意志，在这方面被称为痛苦或快乐，或者在较低程度上称为愉快或不愉快的感觉；反过来说，每一次强烈的意志运动、每一种情绪或激情，都会使身体抽搐，扰乱其机能的进程。
Indeed we can also give an etiological account, though a very incomplete one, of the origin of my body, and a somewhat better account of its development and conservation, and this is the substance of physiology.
事实上，我们也可以对我的身体的起源给出一种病因学的解释，尽管这是一个非常不完整的解释，并且对它的发展和保存有一个更好的解释，这就是生理学的实质。
But physiology merely explains its theme in precisely the same way as motives explain action.
但生理学只是以与动机解释行动完全相同的方式解释其主题。
Thus the physiological explanation of the functions of the body detracts just as little from the philosophical truth that the whole existence of this body and the sum total of its functions are merely the objectification of that will which appears in its outward actions in accordance with a motive, as the establishment of the individual action through the motive and the necessary sequence of the action from the motive conflicts with the fact that action in general, and according to its nature, is only the manifestation of a will which itself has no ground.
因此，对身体功能的生理学解释同样没有偏离哲学真理，即身体的整体存在及其功能的总和仅仅是根据动机而出现在其外在行动中的意志的客观化。 ，因为通过动机和从动机出发的行动的必然顺序来建立个人行动，与以下事实相冲突：一般行动，根据其本质，只是意志的表现，而意志本身没有根据。
If, however, physiology tries to refer even these outward actions, the immediate voluntary movements, to causes in the organism,—for example, if it explains the movement of the muscles as resulting from the presence of fluids (“like the contraction of a cord when it is wet,” says Reil in his “Archiv für Physiologie,” vol.
然而，如果生理学甚至试图将这些外在行为，即直接的自愿运动，归因于有机体的原因，例如，如果它解释肌肉的运动是由于液体的存在而产生的（“就像身体的收缩一样）”赖尔在他的“Archiv für Physiologie”卷中说道。
vi.
六.
p.
p。
153), even supposing it really could give a thorough explanation of this kind, yet this would never invalidate the immediately certain truth that every voluntary motion (_functiones animales_) is the manifestation of an act of will.
153），即使假设它确实可以给出这种彻底的解释，但这也决不会否定每一个自愿运动（_functiones Animales_）都是意志行为的表现这一立即确定的事实。
Now, just as little can the physiological explanation of vegetative life (_functiones naturales vitales_), however far it may advance, ever invalidate the truth that the whole animal life which thus develops itself is the manifestation of will.
现在，无论植物生命的生理学解释（_functionesnaturalesvitales_）多么先进，都无法推翻这样一个事实：由此发展起来的整个动物生命都是意志的表现。
In general, then, as we have shown above, no etiological explanation can ever give us more than the necessarily determined position in time and space of a particular manifestation, its necessary appearance there, according to a fixed law; but the inner nature of everything that appears in this way remains wholly inexplicable, and is presupposed by every etiological explanation, and merely indicated by the names, force, or law of nature, or, if we are speaking of action, character or will.
那么，一般而言，正如我们上面所表明的，没有任何病因学解释能够给我们更多的信息，除了根据固定的法则，特定表现在时间和空间上必然确定的位置，以及它在那里的必然出现；但是，以这种方式出现的一切事物的内在本质仍然是完全无法解释的，并且是由每一种病因学解释所预设的，并且仅仅由名称、力量或自然法则来表明，或者，如果我们谈论的是行动、性格或意志的话。
Thus, although every particular action, under the presupposition of the definite character, necessarily follows from the given motive, and although growth, the process of nourishment, and all the changes of the animal body take place according to necessarily acting causes (stimuli), yet the whole series of actions, and consequently every individual act, and also its condition, the whole body itself which accomplishes it, and therefore also the process through which and in which it exists, are nothing but the manifestation of the will, the becoming visible, _the objectification of the will_.
因此，虽然每一个具体的行动，在一定特征的前提下，必然是从给定的动机而来，尽管动物身体的生长、滋养过程和所有变化都是根据必然起作用的原因（刺激）而发生的，然而，整个系列的行动，以及随之而来的每一个单独的行动，以及它的条件，完成它的整个身体本身，以及它存在的过程，都只不过是意志的表现，生成的过程。可见，_意志的客观化_。
Upon this rests the perfect suitableness of the human and animal body to the human and animal will in general, resembling, though far surpassing, the correspondence between an instrument made for a purpose and the will of the maker, and on this account appearing as design, _i.e._, the teleological explanation of the body.
在此基础上，人类和动物的身体与人类和动物的一般意志完美契合，类似于，但远远超越，为特定目的而制造的工具与制造者的意志之间的对应关系，因此表现为设计，即，身体的目的论解释。
The parts of the body must, therefore, completely correspond to the principal desires through which the will manifests itself; they must be the visible expression of these desires.
因此，身体的各个部分必须完全符合意志通过其表现出来的主要欲望。它们必须是这些欲望的可见表达。
Teeth, throat, and bowels are objectified hunger; the organs of generation are objectified sexual desire; the grasping hand, the hurrying feet, correspond to the more indirect desires of the will which they express.
牙齿、喉咙和肠子是客观化的饥饿；生成器官是客观化的性欲；紧抓的手、匆忙的脚，对应于它们所表达的更为间接的意志欲望。
As the human form generally corresponds to the human will generally, so the individual bodily structure corresponds to the individually modified will, the character of the individual, and therefore it is throughout and in all its parts characteristic and full of expression.
正如人类的形态通常对应于人类的一般意志一样，个体的身体结构也对应于个体改变的意志、个体的性格，因此它自始至终都具有特征并充满表现力。
It is very remarkable that Parmenides already gave expression to this in the following verses, quoted by Aristotle (Metaph.
非常值得注意的是，巴门尼德已经在亚里士多德引用的以下诗句中表达了这一点（Metaph.
iii.
三.
5):—       Ὁς γαρ ἑκαστος εχει κρασιν μελεων πολυκαμπτων     Τως νοος ανθρωποισι παρεστηκεν; το γαρ αυτο     Εστιν, ὁπερ φρονεει, μελεων φυσις ανθρωποισι     Και πασιν και παντι; το γαρ πλεον εστι νοημα.
5）：——因为每个人都有一夫多妻制成员的酒。因为这就是他，他关心人性和一切？这是有道理的。
  (Ut enim cuique complexio membrorum flexibilium se habet, ita mens hominibus adest: idem namque est, quod sapit, membrorum natura hominibus, et omnibus et omni: quod enim plus est, intelligentia est.)(30)  § 21.
 （Ut enim cuique complexio membrorum flexibilium se habet, ita mens hominibus adest: idem namque est, quod sapit, membrorum natura hominibus, etOmnibus etomni: quod enim plus est,intelligentia est。）(30) § 21。
Whoever has now gained from all these expositions a knowledge _in abstracto_, and therefore clear and certain, of what every one knows directly _in concreto_, _i.e._, as feeling, a knowledge that his will is the real inner nature of his phenomenal being, which manifests itself to him as idea, both in his actions and in their permanent substratum, his body, and that his will is that which is most immediate in his consciousness, though it has not as such completely passed into the form of idea in which object and subject stand over against each other, but makes itself known to him in a direct manner, in which he does not quite clearly distinguish subject and object, yet is not known as a whole to the individual himself, but only in its particular acts,—whoever, I say, has with me gained this conviction will find that of itself it affords him the key to the knowledge of the inmost being of the whole of nature; for he now transfers it to all those phenomena which are not given to him, like his own phenomenal existence, both in direct and indirect knowledge, but only in the latter, thus merely one-sidedly as _idea_ alone.
现在，无论谁从所有这些阐述中获得了一种抽象的知识，因此是清晰而确定的，每个人都直接知道具体的知识，即，作为感觉，一种知识，即他的意志是他现象的真正内在本质。存在，在他的行动和永久基础（他的身体）中以观念的形式向他显现，而他的意志是他意识中最直接的东西，尽管它本身还没有完全转变为观念的形式在这种情况下，客体和主体相互对立，但以直接的方式让他知道自己，在这种情况下，他并没有很清楚地区分主体和客体，但个人自己并不知道作为一个整体，而只是在其特定的行为——我说，无论谁和我一起获得了这种信念，都会发现它本身为他提供了了解整个自然最深处存在的钥匙；因为他现在把它转移到所有那些没有给他的现象，就像他自己的现象存在一样，无论是在直接知识还是间接知识中，但只是在后者中，因此仅仅片面地作为“观念”。
He will recognise this will of which we are speaking not only in those phenomenal existences which exactly resemble his own, in men and animals as their inmost nature, but the course of reflection will lead him to recognise the force which germinates and vegetates in the plant, and indeed the force through which the crystal is formed, that by which the magnet turns to the north pole, the force whose shock he experiences from the contact of two different kinds of metals, the force which appears in the elective affinities of matter as repulsion and attraction, decomposition and combination, and, lastly, even gravitation, which acts so powerfully throughout matter, draws the stone to the earth and the earth to the sun,—all these, I say, he will recognise as different only in their phenomenal existence, but in their inner nature as identical, as that which is directly known to him so intimately and so much better than anything else, and which in its most distinct manifestation is called _will_.
他不仅会在那些与他自己完全相似的现象存在中，在人类和动物中认识到我们所说的这种意志，将其视为其最内在的本性，而且反思的过程将引导他认识到植物发芽和生长的力量。 ，实际上是形成晶体的力，使磁铁转向北极的力，通过两种不同金属的接触而受到冲击的力，在物质的选择性亲和力中出现的力，如排斥和吸引，分解和结合，最后，甚至还有万有引力，它在整个物质中发挥着如此强大的作用，将石头吸引到地球上，将地球吸引到太阳上——所有这些，我说，他只会在它们的不同方面认识到它们的不同。现象的存在，但它们的内在本质是相同的，因为他直接知道的东西比其他任何东西都更加亲密和好得多，并且其最独特的表现形式被称为“意志”。
It is this application of reflection alone that prevents us from remaining any longer at the phenomenon, and leads us to the _thing in itself_.
正是这种反思的应用，阻止我们再停留在现象上，并引导我们走向“事物本身”。
Phenomenal existence is idea and nothing more.
现象存在只是观念，仅此而已。
All idea, of whatever kind it may be, all _object_, is _phenomenal_ existence, but the _will_ alone is a _thing in itself_.
所有的想法，无论它是什么，所有的_对象_，都是_现象_存在，但_意志_本身就是一个_事物本身_。
As such, it is throughout not idea, but _toto genere_ different from it; it is that of which all idea, all object, is the phenomenal appearance, the visibility, the objectification.
因此，它始终不是想法，而是与之不同的_toto generic_；正是在这个意义上，所有的观念、所有的对象都是现象性的表象、可见性和客观化。
It is the inmost nature, the kernel, of every particular thing, and also of the whole.
它是每一个具体事物以及整体的最内在本质、核心。
It appears in every blind force of nature and also in the preconsidered action of man; and the great difference between these two is merely in the degree of the manifestation, not in the nature of what manifests itself.
它出现在每一种盲目的自然力量中，也出现在人类预先考虑的行动中。两者之间的巨大区别仅仅在于表现的程度，而不在于表现本身的性质。
 § 22.
 §22.
Now, if we are to think as an object this thing-in-itself (we wish to retain the Kantian expression as a standing formula), which, as such, is never object, because all object is its mere manifestation, and therefore cannot be it itself, we must borrow for it the name and concept of an object, of something in some way objectively given, consequently of one of its own manifestations.
现在，如果我们将这个自在之物视为一个对象（我们希望保留康德的表达作为一个常设公式），那么它本身就永远不是对象，因为所有对象都只是它的表现形式，因此不能无论是它本身，我们都必须借用一个物体的名称和概念，一个以某种方式客观给定的事物的名称和概念，因此是它自己的表现形式之一。
But in order to serve as a clue for the understanding, this can be no other than the most complete of all its manifestations, _i.e._, the most distinct, the most developed, and directly enlightened by knowledge.
但为了作为理解的线索，这只能是其所有表现中最完整的，即最明显的、最发达的和直接受知识启发的。
Now this is the human will.
现在这就是人类的意志。
It is, however, well to observe that here, at any rate, we only make use of a _denominatio a potiori_, through which, therefore, the concept of will receives a greater extension than it has hitherto had.
然而，值得注意的是，无论如何，我们在这里只使用了“面值”，因此，通过它，意志的概念得到了比迄今为止更大的扩展。
Knowledge of the identical in different phenomena, and of difference in similar phenomena, is, as Plato so often remarks, a _sine qua non_ of philosophy.
正如柏拉图经常所说的那样，了解不同现象的相同性和相似现象的差异性，是哲学的必要条件。
But hitherto it was not recognised that every kind of active and operating force in nature is essentially identical with will, and therefore the multifarious kinds of phenomena were not seen to be merely different species of the same genus, but were treated as heterogeneous.
但迄今为止，人们并没有认识到自然界中的每一种能动性和作用力在本质上都与意志是一致的，因此，多种多样的现象不只是被视为同一属的不同种类，而是被视为异质的。
Consequently there could be no word to denote the concept of this genus.
因此，不可能有任何词来表示这个属的概念。
I therefore name the genus after its most important species, the direct knowledge of which lies nearer to us and guides us to the indirect knowledge of all other species.
因此，我以其最重要的物种来命名该属，对它的直接知识离我们更近，并引导我们获得所有其他物种的间接知识。
But whoever is incapable of carrying out the required extension of the concept will remain involved in a permanent misunderstanding.
但无论谁无法对这一概念进行必要的扩展，都将陷入永久的误解。
For by the word _will_ he understands only that species of it which has hitherto been exclusively denoted by it, the will which is guided by knowledge, and whose manifestation follows only upon motives, and indeed merely abstract motives, and thus takes place under the guidance of the reason.
因为通过“意志”这个词，他只理解迄今为止由它专门表示的那种意志，即由知识引导的意志，其表现只遵循动机，实际上只是抽象的动机，因此是在知识的指导下发生的。的原因。
This, we have said, is only the most prominent example of the manifestation of will.
我们已经说过，这只是意志表现的最突出的例子。
We must now distinctly separate in thought the inmost essence of this manifestation which is known to us directly, and then transfer it to all the weaker, less distinct manifestations of the same nature, and thus we shall accomplish the desired extension of the concept of will.
现在，我们必须在思想上清楚地分离出我们直接知道的这种表现形式的最内在本质，然后将其转移到同一性质的所有较弱的、不太明显的表现形式上，从而我们将完成意志概念的理想扩展。 。
From another point of view I should be equally misunderstood by any one who should think that it is all the same in the end whether we denote this inner nature of all phenomena by the word _will_ or by any other.
从另一个角度来看，如果有人认为无论我们用“意志”还是任何其他词来表示所有现象的这种内在本质，最终都是一样的，那么我也会被同样的误解。
This would be the case if the thing-in-itself were something whose existence we merely _inferred_, and thus knew indirectly and only in the abstract.
如果自在之物是我们仅仅“推断”其存在的东西，因此只能间接地、抽象地知道，情况就会如此。
Then, indeed, we might call it what we pleased; the name would stand merely as the symbol of an unknown quantity.
那么，我们确实可以随心所欲地称呼它。这个名字仅仅作为未知量的象征。
But the word _will_, which, like a magic spell, discloses to us the inmost being of everything in nature, is by no means an unknown quantity, something arrived at only by inference, but is fully and immediately comprehended, and is so familiar to us that we know and understand what will is far better than anything else whatever.
但是“意志”这个词，就像一个魔咒，向我们揭示了自然界一切事物的最深处的存在，它绝不是一个未知的量，只能通过推理得出的东西，而是完全、立即理解的，并且是我们所熟悉的。我们知道并理解意志远比其他任何事情都要好。
The concept of will has hitherto commonly been subordinated to that of force, but I reverse the matter entirely, and desire that every force in nature should be thought as will.
迄今为止，意志的概念通常从属于力量的概念，但我完全颠倒了这个问题，并希望自然界中的每一种力量都应该被视为意志。
It must not be supposed that this is mere verbal quibbling or of no consequence; rather, it is of the greatest significance and importance.
决不能认为这只是口头上的狡辩或无关紧要；相反，它具有最大的意义和重要性。
For at the foundation of the concept of force, as of all other concepts, there ultimately lies the knowledge in sense-perception of the objective world, that is to say, the phenomenon, the idea; and the concept is constructed out of this.
因为，与所有其他概念一样，力概念的基础最终在于对客观世界的感觉知觉的知识，即现象、观念；这个概念就是由此构建的。
It is an abstraction from the province in which cause and effect reign, _i.e._, from ideas of perception, and means just the causal nature of causes at the point at which this causal nature is no further etiologically explicable, but is the necessary presupposition of all etiological explanation.
它是从因果占主导地位的省份（即从感知观念）中抽象出来的，并且仅仅意味着原因的因果性质，在这一点上，这种因果性质无法进一步在病因学上得到解释，而是所有病因学解释的必要前提。
The concept will, on the other hand, is of all possible concepts the only one which has its source _not_ in the phenomenal, _not_ in the mere idea of perception, but comes from within, and proceeds from the most immediate consciousness of each of us, in which each of us knows his own individuality, according to its nature, immediately, apart from all form, even that of subject and object, and which at the same time is this individuality, for here the subject and the object of knowledge are one.
另一方面，“意志”这个概念是所有可能的概念中唯一一个其根源不在于现象，也不在于单纯的感知观念，而是来自内部，来自我们每个人最直接的意识。 ，其中我们每个人都根据其本质立即了解自己的个性，脱离所有形式，甚至是主体和客体的形式，同时也是这种个性，因为在这里知识的主体和客体是一。
If, therefore, we refer the concept of _force_ to that of _will_, we have in fact referred the less known to what is infinitely better known; indeed, to the one thing that is really immediately and fully known to us, and have very greatly extended our knowledge.
因此，如果我们将_force_的概念与_will_的概念联系起来，那么我们实际上已经将鲜为人知的事物提到了无限已知的事物。事实上，这是我们真正立即完全了解的一件事，并且极大地扩展了我们的知识。
If, on the contrary, we subsume the concept of will under that of force, as has hitherto always been done, we renounce the only immediate knowledge which we have of the inner nature of the world, for we allow it to disappear in a concept which is abstracted from the phenomenal, and with which we can therefore never go beyond the phenomenal.
相反，如果我们像迄今为止一直所做的那样，将意志的概念纳入力量的概念之下，我们就放弃了我们对世界内在本质的唯一直接认识，因为我们允许它消失在一个概念中。它是从现象中抽象出来的，因此我们永远无法超越现象。
 § 23.
 §23.
The _will_ as a thing in itself is quite different from its phenomenal appearance, and entirely free from all the forms of the phenomenal, into which it first passes when it manifests itself, and which therefore only concern its _objectivity_, and are foreign to the will itself.
意志本身作为一个事物，与其现象性的表象完全不同，并且完全不受现象性的所有形式的影响，当它表现出来时，它首先进入现象性的所有形式，因此只涉及它的“客观性”，与意志无关。本身。
Even the most universal form of all idea, that of being object for a subject, does not concern it; still less the forms which are subordinate to this and which collectively have their common expression in the principle of sufficient reason, to which we know that time and space belong, and consequently multiplicity also, which exists and is possible only through these.
即使是所有观念中最普遍的形式，即作为主体的客体，也与它无关。更不用说从属于这一原则的形式，它们在充足理由原则中共同表达，我们知道时间和空间属于该原则，因此多重性也属于该原则，只有通过这些原则，多重性才存在并成为可能。
In this last regard I shall call time and space the _principium individuationis_, borrowing an expression from the old schoolmen, and I beg to draw attention to this, once for all.
在这最后一点上，我将借用老派学者的一个表达方式，将时间和空间称为“个体化原理”，并且我请求一劳永逸地提请大家注意这一点。
For it is only through the medium of time and space that what is one and the same, both according to its nature and to its concept, yet appears as different, as a multiplicity of co-existent and successive phenomena.
因为只有通过时间和空间的媒介，同一事物，根据其本质和概念，才显得不同，表现为多种共存和连续的现象。
Thus time and space are the _principium individuationis_, the subject of so many subtleties and disputes among the schoolmen, which may be found collected in Suarez (Disp.
因此，时间和空间是_principium individuationis_，是学界人士中许多微妙之处和争论的主题，这些内容可以在苏亚雷斯（Disp.
5, Sect.
5、教派。
3).
3）。
According to what has been said, the will as a thing-in-itself lies outside the province of the principle of sufficient reason in all its forms, and is consequently completely groundless, although all its manifestations are entirely subordinated to the principle of sufficient reason.
如上所述，作为自在之物的意志不属于一切形式的充分理由原则的范围，因此是完全没有根据的，尽管它的一切表现都完全服从充分理由原则。 。
Further, it is free from all _multiplicity_, although its manifestations in time and space are innumerable.
此外，尽管它在时间和空间上的表现是无数的，但它不受所有_多样性_的影响。
It is itself one, though not in the sense in which an object is one, for the unity of an object can only be known in opposition to a possible multiplicity; nor yet in the sense in which a concept is one, for the unity of a concept originates only in abstraction from a multiplicity; but it is one as that which lies outside time and space, the _principium individuationis_, _i.e._, the possibility of multiplicity.
它本身就是一，尽管不是在物体是一的意义上，因为物体的统一性只有在与可能的多重性相对立时才能被认识。也不是在概念为一的意义上，因为概念的统一性仅源于对多样性的抽象。但它是一种存在于时间和空间之外的东西，即“个体化原则”，即多重性的可能性。
Only when all this has become quite clear to us through the subsequent examination of the phenomena and different manifestations of the will, shall we fully understand the meaning of the Kantian doctrine that time, space and causality do not belong to the thing-in-itself, but are only forms of knowing.
只有当我们通过随后对现象和意志的不同表现的考察而清楚地了解这一切时，我们才能充分理解康德学说中时间、空间和因果关系不属于自在之物的含义。 ，但只是认识的形式。
 The uncaused nature of will has been actually recognised, where it manifests itself most distinctly, as the will of man, and this has been called free, independent.
意志的无因本质实际上已被认识到，它最明显地表现为人的意志，这被称为自由的、独立的。
But on account of the uncaused nature of the will itself, the necessity to which its manifestation is everywhere subjected has been overlooked, and actions are treated as free, which they are not.
但由于意志本身的无因性，其表现无处不在的必然性被忽视了，行动被视为自由的，但事实并非如此。
For every individual action follows with strict necessity from the effect of the motive upon the character.
因为每一个个人的行为都严格地遵循动机对性格的影响。
All necessity is, as we have already said, the relation of the consequent to the reason, and nothing more.
正如我们已经说过的，一切必然性都是结果与原因的关系，仅此而已。
The principle of sufficient reason is the universal form of all phenomena, and man in his action must be subordinated to it like every other phenomenon.
充足理由原则是所有现象的普遍形式，人的行动必须像其他现象一样服从它。
But because in self-consciousness the will is known directly and in itself, in this consciousness lies also the consciousness of freedom.
但因为在自我意识中，意志是直接地、在其自身中被认识的，所以在这种意识中也存在着自由的意识。
The fact is, however, overlooked that the individual, the person, is not will as a thing-in-itself, but is a _phenomenon_ of will, is already determined as such, and has come under the form of the phenomenal, the principle of sufficient reason.
然而，事实被忽视了，个体、人并不是作为自在之物的意志，而是意志的一种现象，已经被确定为如此，并且已经处于现象、原则的形式之下。有充分的理由。
Hence arises the strange fact that every one believes himself _a priori_ to be perfectly free, even in his individual actions, and thinks that at every moment he can commence another manner of life, which just means that he can become another person.
因此出现了一个奇怪的事实，即每个人都先验地相信自己是完全自由的，即使在他的个人行为中也是如此，并认为他在每时每刻都可以开始另一种生活方式，这意味着他可以成为另一个人。
But _a posteriori_, through experience, he finds to his astonishment that he is not free, but subjected to necessity; that in spite of all his resolutions and reflections he does not change his conduct, and that from the beginning of his life to the end of it, he must carry out the very character which he himself condemns, and as it were play the part he has undertaken to the end.
但事后，通过经验，他惊讶地发现自己并不自由，而是受制于必然性；尽管他做出了所有的决定和反思，但他并没有改变自己的行为，从生命的开始到生命的结束，他都必须表现出他自己所谴责的性格，并且可以说，他扮演着他所扮演的角色。已进行到底。
I cannot pursue this subject further at present, for it belongs, as ethical, to another part of this work.
我目前无法进一步探讨这个主题，因为从道德角度来看，它属于本书的另一部分。
In the meantime, I only wish to point out here that the _phenomenon_ of the will which in itself is uncaused, is yet as such subordinated to the law of necessity, that is, the principle of sufficient reason, so that in the necessity with which the phenomena of nature follow each other, we may find nothing to hinder us from recognising in them the manifestations of will.
同时，我只想在此指出，意志的现象本身是无因的，但它本身却服从于必然法则，即充足理由原则，因此，在必然性中，自然现象相互依存，我们可能会发现没有什么可以阻止我们认识到它们中意志的表现。
 Only those changes which have no other ground than a motive, _i.e._, an idea, have hitherto been regarded as manifestations of will.
迄今为止，只有那些除了动机（即想法）之外没有其他基础的变化才被视为意志的表现。
Therefore in nature a will has only been attributed to man, or at the most to animals; for knowledge, the idea, is of course, as I have said elsewhere, the true and exclusive characteristic of animal life.
因此，在自然界中，意志只存在于人身上，最多也存在于动物身上。因为，正如我在其他地方所说的，知识、观念当然是动物生命的真实而独特的特征。
But that the will is also active where no knowledge guides it, we see at once in the instinct and the mechanical skill of animals.(31) That they have ideas and knowledge is here not to the point, for the end towards which they strive as definitely as if it were a known motive, is yet entirely unknown to them.
但是，在没有知识指导的情况下，意志也是活跃的，我们立即在动物的本能和机械技能中看到了这一点。（31）他们有想法和知识在这里并不是重点，因为他们努力达到的目的就好像这是一个已知的动机一样，但他们却完全不知道。
Therefore in such cases their action takes place without motive, is not guided by the idea, and shows us first and most distinctly how the will may be active entirely without knowledge.
因此，在这种情况下，他们的行动是在没有动机的情况下发生的，不受观念的指导，并且首先并且最清楚地向我们展示了意志如何可以完全在没有知识的情况下发挥作用。
The bird of a year old has no idea of the eggs for which it builds a nest; the young spider has no idea of the prey for which it spins a web; nor has the ant-lion any idea of the ants for which he digs a trench for the first time.
一岁的鸟儿不知道它筑巢的目的是什么；年幼的蜘蛛不知道它结网的猎物是什么；蚁狮也不知道他第一次为哪些蚂蚁挖沟。
The larva of the stag-beetle makes the hole in the wood, in which it is to await its metamorphosis, twice as big if it is going to be a male beetle as if it is going to be a female, so that if it is a male there may be room for the horns, of which, however, it has no idea.
锹甲虫的幼虫在木头上打一个洞，等待它的变态，如果它是雄性甲虫，那么这个洞是雌性甲虫的两倍大，所以如果它是雄性可能有角的空间，但它并不知道。
In such actions of these creatures the will is clearly operative as in their other actions, but it is in blind activity, which is indeed accompanied by knowledge but not guided by it.
在这些生物的这些行动中，意志显然像在其他行动中一样发挥作用，但它是盲目的活动，这种活动确实伴随着知识，但不受知识的指导。
If now we have once gained insight into the fact, that idea as motive is not a necessary and essential condition of the activity of the will, we shall more easily recognise the activity of will where it is less apparent.
如果现在我们一旦了解了这样一个事实，即作为动机的观念并不是意志活动的必要和本质条件，我们就会更容易地认识到意志活动在不太明显的地方。
For example, we shall see that the house of the snail is no more made by a will which is foreign to the snail itself, than the house which we build is produced through another will than our own; but we shall recognise in both houses the work of a will which objectifies itself in both the phenomena—a will which works in us according to motives, but in the snail still blindly as formative impulse directed outwards.
例如，我们将看到，蜗牛的房子不是由与蜗牛本身无关的意志建造的，就像我们建造的房子不是通过我们自己的意志之外的另一个意志建造的一样；但我们将在两宫中认识到意志的作用，这种意志在这两种现象中都将自身客观化——一种根据动机在我们体内起作用的意志，但在蜗牛中仍然盲目地作为向外引导的形成冲动。
In us also the same will is in many ways only blindly active: in all the functions of our body which are not guided by knowledge, in all its vital and vegetative processes, digestion, circulation, secretion, growth, reproduction.
在我们身上，同样的意志在很多方面也只是盲目地活跃：在我们身体的所有不受知识指导的功能中，在其所有的生命和营养过程中，消化、循环、分泌、生长、繁殖。
Not only the actions of the body, but the whole body itself is, as we have shown above, phenomenon of the will, objectified will, concrete will.
正如我们上面所表明的，不仅身体的行为，而且整个身体本身也是意志的现象，客观化的意志，具体的意志。
All that goes on in it must therefore proceed through will, although here this will is not guided by knowledge, but acts blindly according to causes, which in this case are called _stimuli_.
因此，其中发生的一切都必须通过意志进行，尽管在这里，这种意志不是由知识引导的，而是根据原因盲目地行动，在这种情况下，这些原因被称为_刺激_。
 I call a _cause_, in the narrowest sense of the word, that state of matter, which, while it introduces another state with necessity, yet suffers just as great a change itself as that which it causes; which is expressed in the rule, “action and reaction are equal.” Further, in the case of what is properly speaking a cause, the effect increases directly in proportion to the cause, and therefore also the reaction.
我将“原因”一词从最狭义的意义上称为“原因”，即物质的状态，虽然它必然引入另一种状态，但它本身也遭受与它引起的变化一样大的变化；这体现在规则中：“作用力和反作用力是相等的”。此外，在正确地说是原因的情况下，结果与原因成正比，因此反应也与原因成正比。
So that, if once the mode of operation be known, the degree of the effect may be measured and calculated from the degree of the intensity of the cause; and conversely the degree of the intensity of the cause may be calculated from the degree of the effect.
因此，如果一旦知道了操作模式，就可以根据原因的强度程度来测量和计算结果的程度；反之，可以根据结果的程度来计算原因的强度程度。
Such causes, properly so called, operate in all the phenomena of mechanics, chemistry, and so forth; in short, in all the changes of unorganised bodies.
这些原因，正如所谓的那样，在机械、化学等所有现象中起作用。简而言之，存在于无组织机构的所有变化中。
On the other hand, I call a _stimulus_, such a cause as sustains no reaction proportional to its effect, and the intensity of which does not vary directly in proportion to the intensity of its effect, so that the effect cannot be measured by it.
另一方面，我称之为“刺激”，这样的原因不会维持与其效果成比例的反应，并且其强度不会直接与其效果的强度成比例地变化，因此无法用它来测量效果。
On the contrary, a small increase of the stimulus may cause a very great increase of the effect, or conversely, it may eliminate the previous effect altogether, and so forth.
相反，刺激的小幅增加可能会导致效果的大幅增加，或者相反，可能会完全消除先前的效果，等等。
All effects upon organised bodies as such are of this kind.
对有组织的团体本身的所有影响都属于这种类型。
All properly organic and vegetative changes of the animal body must therefore be referred to stimuli, not to mere causes.
因此，动物体的所有适当的有机和营养变化都必须涉及刺激，而不仅仅是原因。
But the stimulus, like every cause and motive generally, never determines more than the point of time and space at which the manifestation of every force is to take place, and does not determine the inner nature of the force itself which is manifested.
但是，刺激，就像一般的每一个原因和动机一样，只决定每一种力量表现出来的时间和空间点，并且不决定所表现出来的力量本身的内在本质。
This inner nature we know, from our previous investigation, is will, to which therefore we ascribe both the unconscious and the conscious changes of the body.
从我们之前的研究中我们知道，这种内在本质就是意志，因此我们将身体的无意识和有意识的变化都归因于意志。
The stimulus holds the mean, forms the transition between the motive, which is causality accompanied throughout by knowledge, and the cause in the narrowest sense.
刺激具有中庸之道，形成动机（即始终伴随着知识的因果关系）与最狭义的原因之间的过渡。
In particular cases it is sometimes nearer a motive, sometimes nearer a cause, but yet it can always be distinguished from both.
在特定情况下，它有时更接近动机，有时更接近原因，但始终可以将其与两者区分开来。
Thus, for example, the rising of the sap in a plant follows upon stimuli, and cannot be explained from mere causes, according to the laws of hydraulics or capillary attraction; yet it is certainly assisted by these, and altogether approaches very near to a purely causal change.
因此，例如，植物中汁液的上升是在刺激的作用下产生的，根据水力学或毛细管吸引力定律，不能仅用原因来解释；然而，它肯定得到了这些的帮助，并且总体上非常接近纯粹的因果变化。
On the other hand, the movements of the _Hedysarum gyrans_ and the _Mimosa pudica_, although still following upon mere stimuli, are yet very like movements which follow upon motives, and seem almost to wish to make the transition.
另一方面，红岩黄花和含羞草的运动，虽然仍然只是纯粹的刺激，却非常像遵循动机的运动，而且似乎几乎希望进行转变。
The contraction of the pupils of the eyes as the light is increased is due to stimuli, but it passes into movement which is due to motive; for it takes place, because too strong lights would affect the retina painfully, and to avoid this we contract the pupils.
当光线增加时，眼睛的瞳孔收缩是由于刺激，但它会转变为运动，这是由于动机；因为它会发生，因为太强的光会对视网膜造成痛苦，为了避免这种情况，我们收缩瞳孔。
The occasion of an erection is a motive, because it is an idea, yet it operates with the necessity of a stimulus, _i.e._, it cannot be resisted, but we must put the idea away in order to make it cease to affect us.
勃起的场合是一种动机，因为它是一种想法，但它的运作需要刺激的必要性，也就是说，它是无法抗拒的，但我们必须把这个想法收起来，以使其停止影响我们。
This is also the case with disgusting things, which excite the desire to vomit.
恶心的东西也是如此，会激发呕吐的欲望。
Thus we have treated the instinct of animals as an actual link, of quite a distinct kind, between movement following upon stimuli, and action following upon a known motive.
因此，我们将动物的本能视为一种实际的联系，一种非常独特的联系，介于刺激后的运动和已知动机后的行动之间。
Now we might be asked to regard breathing as another link of this kind.
现在我们可能会被要求将呼吸视为此类的另一个环节。
It has been disputed whether it belongs to the voluntary or the involuntary movements, that is to say, whether it follows upon motive or stimulus, and perhaps it may be explained as something which is between the two.
它属于自愿运动还是非自愿运动，也就是说，它是根据动机还是刺激进行的，一直存在争议，也许它可以被解释为介于两者之间的东西。
Marshall Hall (“On the Diseases of the Nervous System,” § 293 sq.) explains it as a mixed function, for it is partly under the influence of the cerebral (voluntary), and partly under that of the spinal (non-voluntary) nerves.
Marshall Hall（“论神经系统疾病”，第 293 平方）将其解释为一种混合功能，因为它部分受到大脑（自愿）的影响，部分受到脊柱（非自愿）的影响。 ）神经。
However, we are finally obliged to number it with the expressions of will which result from motives.
然而，我们最终不得不将其归入由动机而产生的意志表达。
For other motives, _i.e._, mere ideas, can determine the will to check it or accelerate it, and, as is the case with every other voluntary action, it seems to us that we could give up breathing altogether and voluntarily suffocate.
对于其他动机，即纯粹的想法，可以决定阻止它或加速它的意愿，并且，就像所有其他自愿行动的情况一样，在我们看来，我们可以完全放弃呼吸并自愿窒息。
And in fact we could do so if any other motive influenced the will sufficiently strongly to overcome the pressing desire for air.
事实上，如果任何其他动机对意志的影响足够强烈，足以克服对空气的迫切渴望，我们就可以这样做。
According to some accounts Diogenes actually put an end to his life in this way (Diog.
根据一些记载，第欧根尼实际上以这种方式结束了他的生命（Diog.
Laert.
莱尔特。
VI.
六．
76).
76）。
Certain negroes also are said to have done this (F.
据说某些黑人也曾这样做过（F.
B.
B.
Osiander “On Suicide” [1813] pp.
奥西安德《论自杀》[1813]第 177 页。
170-180).
170-180）。
If this be true, it affords us a good example of the influence of abstract motives, _i.e._, of the victory of distinctively rational over merely animal will.
如果这是真的，它就为我们提供了一个很好的例子，说明抽象动机的影响，即独特的理性战胜纯粹的动物意志。
For, that breathing is at least partially conditioned by cerebral activity is shown by the fact that the primary cause of death from prussic acid is that it paralyses the brain, and so, indirectly, restricts the breathing; but if the breathing be artificially maintained till the stupefaction of the brain has passed away, death will not ensue.
因为，呼吸至少部分地受到大脑活动的调节，这一事实可以从氢氰酸导致死亡的主要原因看出，它使大脑麻痹，从而间接限制了呼吸；但如果人为地维持呼吸直到大脑麻木消失，就不会死亡。
We may also observe in passing that breathing affords us the most obvious example of the fact that motives act with just as much necessity as stimuli, or as causes in the narrowest sense of the word, and their operation can only be neutralised by antagonistic motives, as action is neutralised by re-action.
我们还可以顺便观察到，呼吸为我们提供了最明显的例子，说明动机的作用与刺激一样必要，或者作为最狭义的原因，并且它们的运作只能被对抗性动机所抵消。因为行动被反行动所抵消。
For, in the case of breathing, the illusion that we can stop when we like is much weaker than in the case of other movements which follow upon motives; because in breathing the motive is very powerful, very near to us, and its satisfaction is very easy, for the muscles which accomplish it are never tired, nothing, as a rule, obstructs it, and the whole process is supported by the most inveterate habit of the individual.
因为，在呼吸的情况下，我们可以随心所欲地停止的幻想比其他遵循动机的运动要弱得多。因为在呼吸中，动机非常强大，离我们很近，而且它的满足非常容易，因为完成它的肌肉永远不会疲倦，通常没有什么可以阻碍它，整个过程是由最顽固的支持的。个人的习惯。
And yet all motives act with the same necessity.
然而，所有的动机都具有同样的必要性。
The knowledge that necessity is common to movements following upon motives, and those following upon stimuli, makes it easier for us to understand that that also which takes place in our bodily organism in accordance with stimuli and in obedience to law, is yet, according to its inner nature—will, which in all its manifestations, though never in itself, is subordinated to the principle of sufficient reason, that is, to necessity.(32) Accordingly, we shall not rest contented with recognising that animals, both in their actions and also in their whole existence, bodily structure and organisation, are manifestations of will; but we shall extend to plants also this immediate knowledge of the essential nature of things which is given to us alone.
认识到必然性对于追随动机的运动和追随刺激的运动是常见的，这使我们更容易理解，根据刺激和服从规律在我们的身体有机体中发生的事情，仍然是根据它的内在本性——意志，在其所有表现形式中，虽然从来不是其本身，却服从于充分理由的原则，即服从于必然性。（32）因此，我们不会满足于认识到动物，无论是在其行为方面还是在其行为方面。行动以及它们的整个存在、身体结构和组织，都是意志的表现；但是我们也可以将这种关于事物本质的直接知识延伸到植物，这种知识只有我们才能获得。
Now all the movements of plants follow upon stimuli; for the absence of knowledge, and the movement following upon motives which is conditioned by knowledge, constitutes the only essential difference between animals and plants.
现在植物的所有运动都遵循刺激。因为知识的缺乏以及以知识为条件的动机的运动构成了动物和植物之间唯一的本质区别。
Therefore, what appears for the idea as plant life, as mere vegetation, as blindly impelling force, we shall claim, according to its inner nature, for will, and recognise it as just that which constitutes the basis of our own phenomenal being, as it expresses itself in our actions, and also in the whole existence of our body itself.
因此，对于植物生命、单纯的植物、盲目的推动力这一观念而言，我们根据其内在本质，应声称其为意志，并认识到它正是构成我们自身现象存在的基础的东西，正如它体现在我们的行为中，也体现在我们身体本身的整个存在中。
 It only remains for us to take the final step, the extension of our way of looking at things to all those forces which act in nature in accordance with universal, unchangeable laws, in conformity with which the movements of all those bodies take place, which are wholly without organs, and have therefore no susceptibility for stimuli, and have no knowledge, which is the necessary condition of motives.
我们只需要迈出最后一步，将我们看待事物的方式扩展到自然界中按照普遍的、不可改变的法则起作用的所有力量，所有这些物体的运动都遵循这些法则，完全没有器官，因此对刺激不敏感，并且没有知识，而知识是动机的必要条件。
Thus we must also apply the key to the understanding of the inner nature of things, which the immediate knowledge of our own existence alone can give us, to those phenomena of the unorganised world which are most remote from us.
因此，我们还必须将理解事物内在本质的钥匙（只有对我们自身存在的直接知识才能给我们提供的钥匙）应用于那些离我们最远的无组织世界的现象。
And if we consider them attentively, if we observe the strong and unceasing impulse with which the waters hurry to the ocean, the persistency with which the magnet turns ever to the north pole, the readiness with which iron flies to the magnet, the eagerness with which the electric poles seek to be re-united, and which, just like human desire, is increased by obstacles; if we see the crystal quickly and suddenly take form with such wonderful regularity of construction, which is clearly only a perfectly definite and accurately determined impulse in different directions, seized and retained by crystallisation; if we observe the choice with which bodies repel and attract each other, combine and separate, when they are set free in a fluid state, and emancipated from the bonds of rigidness; lastly, if we feel directly how a burden which hampers our body by its gravitation towards the earth, unceasingly presses and strains upon it in pursuit of its one tendency; if we observe all this, I say, it will require no great effort of the imagination to recognise, even at so great a distance, our own nature.
如果我们仔细地考虑它们，如果我们观察水流向海洋的强烈而持续的冲动，磁体不断转向北极的持久性，铁飞向磁体的准备程度，以及磁体的渴望。电线杆寻求重新统一，就像人类的欲望一样，障碍会增加它；如果我们看到晶体迅速而突然地形成，具有如此奇妙的结构规律，这显然只是不同方向上完全确定和准确确定的冲动，被结晶抓住并保留；如果我们观察物体在流体状态下释放并从刚性束缚中解放出来时相互排斥和吸引、结合和分离的选择；最后，如果我们直接感觉到一种负担是如何通过地球的引力来阻碍我们的身体，不断地压迫和拉紧我们的身体以追求其单一的倾向；我说，如果我们观察到这一切，即使距离如此遥远，我们也不需要费很大的想象力就能认识到我们自己的本性。
That which in us pursues its ends by the light of knowledge; but here, in the weakest of its manifestations, only strives blindly and dumbly in a one-sided and unchangeable manner, must yet in both cases come under the name of will, as it is everywhere one and the same—just as the first dim light of dawn must share the name of sunlight with the rays of the full mid-day.
我们内心依靠知识之光追求其目标的东西；但在这里，在其最弱的表现中，只是以一种片面的、不可改变的方式盲目地、愚蠢地努力，在这两种情况下都必须以意志的名义，因为它在任何地方都是一样的——就像第一个模糊的东西一样。黎明之光必须与正午的光线同名阳光。
For the name _will_ denotes that which is the inner nature of everything in the world, and the one kernel of every phenomenon.
因为“意志”这个名字表示世界上一切事物的内在本质，也是每一种现象的核心。
 Yet the remoteness, and indeed the appearance of absolute difference between the phenomena of unorganised nature and the will which we know as the inner reality of our own being, arises chiefly from the contrast between the completely determined conformity to law of the one species of phenomena, and the apparently unfettered freedom of the other.
然而，无组织的自然现象与我们所知道的作为我们自身存在的内在现实的意志之间的遥远性和绝对差异的出现，主要源于一种现象的完全确定的规律性之间的对比。 ，以及对方显然不受约束的自由。
For in man, individuality makes itself powerfully felt.
因为在人身上，个性可以被强烈地感受到。
Every one has a character of his own; and therefore the same motive has not the same influence over all, and a thousand circumstances which exist in the wide sphere of the knowledge of the individual, but are unknown to others, modify its effect.
每个人都有自己的性格；因此，同一动机对所有人的影响并不相同，个人知识的广泛领域中存在着上千种情况，但其他人不知道，这些情况会改变其效果。
Therefore action cannot be predetermined from the motive alone, for the other factor is wanting, the accurate acquaintance with the individual character, and with the knowledge which accompanies it.
因此，行动不能仅根据动机来预先确定，因为还缺乏另一个因素，即对个人性格以及与之相伴的知识的准确了解。
On the other hand, the phenomena of the forces of nature illustrate the opposite extreme.
另一方面，自然力的现象说明了相反的极端。
They act according to universal laws, without variation, without individuality in accordance with openly manifest circumstances, subject to the most exact predetermination; and the same force of nature appears in its million phenomena in precisely the same way.
他们按照普遍法则行事，没有变化，没有个性，根据公开明显的情况，服从最精确的预定；同样的自然力量也以完全相同的方式出现在它的数以百万计的现象中。
In order to explain this point and prove the identity of the _one_ indivisible will in all its different phenomena, in the weakest as in the strongest, we must first of all consider the relation of the will as thing-in-itself to its phenomena, that is, the relation of the world as will to the world as idea; for this will open to us the best way to a more thorough investigation of the whole subject we are considering in this second book.(33)  § 24.
为了解释这一点并证明单一不可分割的意志在其所有不同现象中的同一性，无论是最弱的还是最强的，我们必须首先考虑作为自在之物的意志与其现象的关系，也就是说，作为意志的世界与作为观念的世界的关系；因为这将为我们打开一个最佳途径，对我们在第二本书中考虑的整个主题进行更彻底的调查。(33) § 24。
We have learnt from the great Kant that time, space, and causality, with their entire constitution, and the possibility of all their forms, are present in our consciousness quite independently of the objects which appear in them, and which constitute their content; or, in other words, they can be arrived at just as well if we start from the subject as if we start from the object.
我们从伟大的康德那里了解到，时间、空间和因果关系，连同它们的整体构成，以及它们所有形式的可能性，都完全独立于它们中出现的、构成它们内容的对象而存在于我们的意识中。或者，换句话说，如果我们从主体开始，就像我们从客体开始一样，也可以得到它们。
Therefore, with equal accuracy, we may call them either forms of intuition or perception of the subject, or qualities of the object _as object_ (with Kant, phenomenon), _i.e._, _idea_.
因此，同样准确地，我们可以将它们称为主体的直觉或感知的形式，或对象的品质_作为对象_（康德称为现象），_即_，_想法_。
We may also regard these forms as the irreducible boundary between object and subject.
我们也可以将这些形式视为客体与主体之间不可简化的边界。
All objects must therefore exist in them, yet the subject, independently of the phenomenal object, possesses and surveys them completely.
因此，所有客体都必须存在于其中，而主体却独立于现象客体而完全拥有并审视它们。
But if the objects appearing in these forms are not to be empty phantoms, but are to have a meaning, they must refer to something, must be the expression of something which is not, like themselves, object, idea, a merely relative existence for a subject, but which exists without such dependence upon something which stands over against it as a condition of its being, and independent of the forms of such a thing, _i.e._, _is not idea_, but a _thing-in-itself_.
但是，如果以这些形式出现的物体不是空洞的幻影，而是具有某种意义，那么它们就必须指代某种东西，必须是某种东西的表达，而这种东西不像它们本身，是物体、观念，仅仅是相对的存在。一个主体，但它的存在并不依赖于与它相对立的事物作为其存在的条件，并且独立于这样一个事物的形式，也就是说，“不是观念”，而是一个“自在之物” 。
Consequently it may at least be asked: Are these ideas, these objects, something more than or apart from the fact that they are ideas, objects of the subject? And what would they be in this sense? What is that other side of them which is _toto genere_ different from idea? What is the thing-in-itself? _The will_, we have answered, but for the present I set that answer aside.
因此，至少可以问：这些观念、这些客体是否超出或脱离了它们是主体的观念、客体这一事实？从这个意义上说，它们会是什么？它们与想法不同的另一面是什么？事物本身是什么？ _遗嘱_，我们已经回答了，但目前我把这个答案放在一边。
 Whatever the thing-in-itself may be, Kant is right in his conclusion that time, space, and causality (which we afterwards found to be forms of the principle of sufficient reason, the general expression of the forms of the phenomenon) are not its properties, but come to it only after, and so far as, it has become idea.
无论自在之物是什么，康德的结论是正确的，即时间、空间和因果关系（我们后来发现它们是充足理由原则的形式，是现象形式的一般表达）不是它的属性，但只有在它成为想法之后才开始讨论它。
That is, they belong only to its phenomenal existence, not to itself.
也就是说，它们只属于它的现象存在，而不属于它本身。
For since the subject fully understands and constructs them out of itself, independently of all object, they must be dependent upon _existence as idea_ as such, not upon that which becomes idea.
因为既然主体完全从自身出发、独立于所有客体来理解和构建它们，它们就必须依赖于“作为观念的存在”本身，而不是依赖于成为观念的东西。
They must be the form of the idea as such; but not qualities of that which has assumed this form.
它们必须是想法本身的形式；但不是采取这种形式的事物的品质。
They must be already given with the mere antithesis of subject and object (not as concepts but as facts), and consequently they must be only the more exact determination of the form of knowledge in general, whose most universal determination is that antithesis itself.
它们必须已经被赋予了主体和客体的纯粹对立（不是作为概念，而是作为事实），因此它们必须只是一般知识形式的更精确的决定，而其最普遍的决定就是对立本身。
Now, that in the phenomenon, in the object, which is in its turn conditioned by time, space and causality, inasmuch as it can only become idea by means of them, namely _multiplicity_, through co-existence and succession, _change_ and _permanence_ through the law of causality, _matter_ which can only become idea under the presupposition of causality, and lastly, all that becomes idea only by means of these,—all this, I say, as a whole, does not in reality belong to that which appears, to that which has passed into the form of idea, but belongs merely to this form itself.
现在，在现象、对象中，它又受到时间、空间和因果关系的制约，因为它只能通过它们，即_多重性_，通过共存和继承，_变化_和_持久_而成为观念。因果律，物质只能在因果关系的前提下成为观念，最后，所有的东西只有通过这些才能成为观念——我说，作为一个整体，所有这一切实际上并不属于所出现的东西，已经进入观念形式的东西，但仅属于这种形式本身。
And conversely, that in the phenomenon which is not conditioned through time, space and causality, and which cannot be referred to them, nor explained in accordance with them, is precisely that in which the thing manifested, the thing-in-itself, directly reveals itself.
反之，在不以时间、空间和因果关系为条件的现象中，不能指称它们，也不能根据它们来解释的现象，正是事物在其中直接表现出来的东西，即自在之物。显露出来。
It follows from this that the most complete capacity for being known, that is to say, the greatest clearness, distinctness, and susceptibility of exhaustive explanation, will necessarily belong to that which pertains to knowledge _as such_, and thus to the _form_ of knowledge; but not to that which in itself is not idea, not object, but which has become knowledge only through entering these forms; in other words, has become idea, object.
由此可见，最完整的被认识能力，也就是说，最大的清晰度、明确性和详尽解释的敏感性，必然属于属于知识本身的东西，因此也属于知识的“形式”。但不是那些本身不是观念、不是对象，而是只有通过进入这些形式才成为知识的东西；换句话说，已经成为想法、对象。
Thus only that which depends entirely upon being an object of knowledge, upon existing as idea in general and _as such_ (not upon that which _becomes_ known, and has only _become_ idea), which therefore belongs without distinction to everything that is known, and which, on that account, is found just as well if we start from the subject as if we start from the object,—this alone can afford us without reserve a sufficient, exhaustive knowledge, a knowledge which is clear to the very foundation.
因此，只有那些完全依赖于知识对象的存在，依赖于作为一般观念而存在的东西（而不是依赖于变得已知的东西，并且仅成为观念），因此它毫无区别地属于已知的一切，并且它因此，如果我们从主体开始，就像我们从客体开始一样，就可以发现，——仅此一点就可以毫无保留地为我们提供充分的、详尽的知识，一种从根本上来说是清楚的知识。
But this consists of nothing but those forms of all phenomena of which we are conscious _a priori_, and which may be generally expressed as the principle of sufficient reason.
但这仅包括我们先验地意识到的所有现象的那些形式，并且通常可以将其表达为充足理由原则。
Now, the forms of this principle which occur in knowledge of perception (with which alone we are here concerned) are time, space, and causality.
现在，这一原则出现在知觉知识（我们在这里只关注知觉）中的形式是时间、空间和因果关系。
The whole of pure mathematics and pure natural science _a priori_ is based entirely upon these.
整个纯数学和纯自然科学先验地完全基于这些。
Therefore it is only in these sciences that knowledge finds no obscurity, does not rest upon what is incomprehensible (groundless, _i.e._, will), upon what cannot be further deduced.
因此，只有在这些科学中，知识才不会晦涩难懂，不会依赖于不可理解的东西（毫无根据的，即意志），依赖于无法进一步推论的东西。
It is on this account that Kant wanted, as we have said, to apply the name science specially and even exclusively to these branches of knowledge together with logic.
正是由于这个原因，正如我们已经说过的，康德想要将科学这个名称专门甚至专门用于与逻辑一起的这些知识分支。
But, on the other hand, these branches of knowledge show us nothing more than mere connections, relations of one idea to another, form devoid of all content.
但是，另一方面，这些知识分支向我们展示的只不过是一种观念与另一种观念之间的联系和关系，没有任何内容的形式。
All content which they receive, every phenomenon which fills these forms, contains something which is no longer completely knowable in its whole nature, something which can no longer be entirely explained through something else, something then which is groundless, through which consequently the knowledge loses its evidence and ceases to be completely lucid.
他们接收到的所有内容，填充这些形式的每一种现象，都包含了一些在其整个本质上不再完全可知的东西，一些无法再通过其他东西完全解释的东西，一些毫无根据的东西，因此知识就失去了它的证据并不再完全清晰。
This that withholds itself from investigation, however, is the thing-in-itself, is that which is essentially not idea, not object of knowledge, but has only become knowable by entering that form.
然而，这种不被研究的东西就是自在之物，它本质上不是观念，不是知识的对象，而是只有通过进入那种形式才变得可知。
The form is originally foreign to it, and the thing-in-itself can never become entirely one with it, can never be referred to mere form, and, since this form is the principle of sufficient reason, can never be completely explained.
形式原本对于它来说是外来的，而自在之物永远不可能与它完全合一，永远不可能被称为纯粹的形式，而且，由于这种形式是充足理由的原则，因此它永远无法被完全解释。
If therefore all mathematics affords us an exhaustive knowledge of that which in the phenomena is quantity, position, number, in a word, spatial and temporal relations; if all etiology gives us a complete account of the regular conditions under which phenomena, with all their determinations, appear in time and space, but, with it all, teaches us nothing more than why in each case this particular phenomenon must appear just at this time here, and at this place now; it is clear that with their assistance we can never penetrate to the inner nature of things.
因此，如果所有的数学都为我们提供了关于现象中的数量、位置、数字，简而言之，空间和时间关系的详尽知识；如果所有的病因学都为我们提供了对现象及其所有决定因素在时间和空间中出现的常规条件的完整说明，但除此之外，它只告诉我们为什么在每种情况下这种特定现象必须恰好出现在这个时间点上。此时此地，此时此地；显然，在它们的帮助下，我们永远无法洞察事物的内在本质。
There always remains something which no explanation can venture to attack, but which it always presupposes; the forces of nature, the definite mode of operation of things, the quality and character of every phenomenon, that which is without ground, that which does not depend upon the form of the phenomenal, the principle of sufficient reason, but is something to which this form in itself is foreign, something which has yet entered this form, and now appears according to its law, a law, however, which only determines the appearance, not that which appears, only the how, not the what, only the form, not the content.
总有一些东西是任何解释都无法敢于攻击的，但它总是以它为先决条件。自然的力量，事物运行的确定模式，每一种现象的性质和特征，都是没有根据的，不依赖于现象的形式，充分理由的原则，而是某种东西这种形式本身是外来的，是一种尚未进入这种形式的东西，现在根据它的法则而出现，然而，这个法则只决定了表象，而不决定了出现的内容，只决定了如何，而不决定了什么，只决定了形式，而不是内容。
Mechanics, physics, and chemistry teach the rules and laws according to which the forces of impenetrability, gravitation, rigidity, fluidity, cohesion, elasticity, heat, light, affinity, magnetism, electricity, &c., operate; that is to say, the law, the rule which these forces observe whenever they enter time and space.
力学、物理和化学教授不可穿透性、万有引力、刚性、流动性、内聚力、弹性、热、光、亲和力、磁、电等力的运作规则和定律；也就是说，这些力量进入时间和空间时遵守的法则和规则。
But do what we will, the forces themselves remain _qualitates occultæ_.
但无论如何，这些力量本身仍然是神秘的。
For it is just the thing-in-itself, which, because it is manifested, exhibits these phenomena, which are entirely different from itself.
因为正是自在之物，因为它被显现，所以展现出这些与自身完全不同的现象。
In its manifestation, indeed, it is completely subordinated to the principle of sufficient reason as the form of the idea, but it can never itself be referred to this form, and therefore cannot be fully explained etiologically, can never be completely fathomed.
事实上，在其表现形式上，它完全服从于作为观念形式的充足理由原则，但它本身永远不能指称这种形式，因此不能从病因学上得到充分解释，永远不能被完全理解。
It is certainly perfectly comprehensible so far as it has assumed that form, that is, so far as it is phenomenon, but its inner nature is not in the least explained by the fact that it can thus be comprehended.
就其呈现的形式而言，即就其是现象而言，它当然是完全可以理解的，但它的内在本质却丝毫不能用它可以被理解这一事实来解释。
Therefore the more necessity any knowledge carries with it, the more there is in it of that which cannot be otherwise thought or presented in perception—as, for example, space-relations—the clearer and more sufficing then it is, the less pure objective content it has, or the less reality, properly so called, is given in it.
因此，任何知识越具有必然性，它就越具有无法以其他方式思考或在知觉中呈现的东西——例如空间关系——它越清晰、越充分，就越不纯粹客观。它所具有的内容，或者说它所赋予的不太现实的内容。
And conversely, the more there is in it which must be conceived as mere chance, and the more it impresses us as given merely empirically, the more proper objectivity and true reality is there in such knowledge, and at the same time, the more that is inexplicable, that is, that cannot be deduced from anything else.
反之，它里面的东西越多，必须被视为纯粹的偶然，并且它仅仅作为经验给出的给我们留下的印象越多，这样的知识就越具有适当的客观性和真实的现实性，同时，它也就越具有现实性。是无法解释的，也就是说，无法从其他任何事物中推断出来。
 It is true that at all times an etiology, unmindful of its real aim, has striven to reduce all organised life to chemism or electricity; all chemism, that is to say quality, again to mechanism (action determined by the shape of the atom), this again sometimes to the object of phoronomy, _i.e._, the combination of time and space, which makes motion possible, sometimes to the object of mere geometry, _i.e._, position in space (much in the same way as we rightly deduce the diminution of an effect from the square of the distance, and the theory of the lever in a purely geometrical manner): geometry may finally be reduced to arithmetic, which, on account of its one dimension, is of all the forms of the principle of sufficient reason, the most intelligible, comprehensible, and completely susceptible of investigation.
确实，在任何时候，病因学都在努力将所有有组织的生命还原为化学或电，而不顾其真正的目的。所有的化学，也就是说质量，又到机制（由原子形状决定的作用），这有时又到音律的对象，即时间和空间的结合，这使得运动成为可能，有时到纯粹几何的对象，即空间中的位置（与我们正确地从距离的平方推导出效应的减少以及以纯几何方式的杠杆理论非常相似） ）：几何最终可以简化为算术，由于其一维，算术是充足理由原理的所有形式，是最容易理解、最容易理解并且完全易于研究的。
As instances of the method generally indicated here, we may refer to the atoms of Democritus, the vortex of Descartes, the mechanical physics of Lesage, which towards the end of last century tried to explain both chemical affinities and gravitation mechanically by impact and pressure, as may be seen in detail in “_Lucrèce Neutonien_;” Reil’s form and combination as the cause of animal life, also tends in this direction.
作为这里通常指出的方法的例子，我们可以参考德谟克利特的原子、笛卡尔的涡旋、莱萨奇的机械物理学，后者在上世纪末试图通过冲击和压力来机械地解释化学亲和力和万有引力，详情请参阅“_Lucrèce Neutonien_；”赖尔的形态和组合作为动物生命的原因，也趋向于这个方向。
Finally, the crude materialism which even now in the middle of the nineteenth century has been served up again under the ignorant delusion that it is original, belongs distinctly to this class.
最后，即使在十九世纪中叶，在无知的错觉下再次出现的原始唯物主义显然也属于这一类。
It stupidly denies vital force, and first of all tries to explain the phenomena of life from physical and chemical forces, and those again from the mechanical effects of the matter, position, form, and motion of imagined atoms, and thus seeks to reduce all the forces of nature to action and reaction as its thing-in-itself.
它愚蠢地否认生命力，首先试图从物理和化学力来解释生命现象，然后再从想象的原子的物质、位置、形式和运动的机械效应来解释生命现象，从而试图减少所有的生命现象。自然力将作用和反作用视为其自在之物。
According to this teaching, light is the mechanical vibration or undulation of an imaginary ether, postulated for this end.
根据这一教导，光是为此目的而假设的假想以太的机械振动或波动。
This ether, if it reaches the eye, beats rapidly upon the retina, and gives us the knowledge of colour.
这种以太如果到达眼睛，就会在视网膜上快速跳动，并为我们提供颜色知识。
Thus, for example, four hundred and eighty-three billion beats in a second give red, and seven hundred and twenty-seven billion beats in a second give violet.
例如，每秒 4830 亿次心跳产生红色，每秒 7270 亿次心跳产生紫色。
Upon this theory, persons who are colour-blind must be those who are unable to count the beats, must they not? Such crass, mechanical, clumsy, and certainly knotty theories, which remind one of Democritus, are quite worthy of those who, fifty years after the appearance of Goethe’s doctrine of colour, still believe in Newton’s homogeneous light, and are not ashamed to say so.
按照这个理论，色盲的人一定是无法数出节拍的人，不是吗？这种粗俗、机械、笨拙、当然还很棘手的理论，让人想起德谟克利特，对于那些在歌德色彩学说出现五十年后仍然相信牛顿均匀光并且不羞于这么说的人来说是相当值得的。 。
They will find that what is overlooked in the child (Democritus) will not be forgiven to the man.
他们会发现，在孩子（德谟克利特）身上被忽视的东西对于男人来说是不会被原谅的。
They might indeed, some day, come to an ignominious end; but then every one would slink away and pretend that he never had anything to do with them.
有一天，他们确实可能会遭遇不光彩的结局。但随后每个人都会溜走，假装他与他们没有任何关系。
We shall soon have to speak again of this false reduction of the forces of nature to each other; so much for the present.
我们很快将不得不再次谈论这种自然力量相互之间的错误减弱。目前就这么多。
Supposing this theory were possible, all would certainly be explained and established and finally reduced to an arithmetical problem, which would then be the holiest thing in the temple of wisdom, to which the principle of sufficient reason would at last have happily conducted us.
假设这个理论是可能的，那么一切肯定都会得到解释和建立，并最终简化为一个算术问题，这将是智慧殿堂中最神圣的事情，充足理由原则最终会愉快地引导我们走向这个问题。
But all content of the phenomenon would have disappeared, and the mere form would remain.
但现象的所有内容都将消失，而纯粹的形式将保留。
The “what appears” would be referred to the “how it appears,” and this “how” would be what is _a priori_ knowable, therefore entirely dependent on the subject, therefore only for the subject, therefore, lastly, mere phantom, idea and form of idea, through and through: no thing-in-itself could be demanded.
“出现什么”将指“它如何出现”，而这个“如何”将是先验可知的，因此完全依赖于主体，因此仅针对主体，因此，最后，仅仅是幻影、想法以及观念的形式，彻头彻尾：不能要求任何事物本身。
Supposing, then, that this were possible, the whole world would be derived from the subject, and in fact, that would be accomplished which Fichte wanted to _seem_ to accomplish by his empty bombast.
那么，假设这是可能的，整个世界都将从主题中衍生出来，事实上，这将实现费希特想要通过他空洞的夸大来实现的目标。
But it is not possible: phantasies, sophisms, castles in the air, have been constructed in this way, but science never.
但这是不可能的：幻想、诡辩、空中楼阁，都是这样建造的，但科学却从来没有。
The many and multifarious phenomena in nature have been successfully referred to particular original forces, and as often as this has been done, a real advance has been made.
自然界中多种多样的现象已经成功地被引用到特定的原始力量，并且只要这样做，就已经取得了真正的进步。
Several forces and qualities, which were at first regarded as different, have been derived from each other, and thus their number has been curtailed.
一些起初被认为是不同的力量和品质已经从彼此派生出来，因此它们的数量受到了限制。
(For example, magnetism from electricity.) Etiology will have reached its goal when it has recognised and exhibited as such all the original forces of nature, and established their mode of operation, _i.e._, the law according to which, under the guidance of causality, their phenomena appear in time and space, and determine their position with regard to each other.
（例如，电产生磁力。）当病因学认识到并展示了自然的所有原始力量，并建立了它们的运作模式，即根据该法则，在因果关系的指导下，它们的现象出现在时间和空间上，并决定它们相对于彼此的位置。
But certain original forces will always remain over; there will always remain as an insoluble residuum a content of phenomena which cannot be referred to their form, and thus cannot be explained from something else in accordance with the principle of sufficient reason.
但某些原始力量将永远存在；现象的内容总是作为不可解决的残余物而残留下来，这些内容无法以其形式来指代，因此无法根据充足理由的原则从其他事物中进行解释。
For in everything in nature there is something of which no ground can ever be assigned, of which no explanation is possible, and no ulterior cause is to be sought.
因为在自然界的一切事物中，总有一些东西是无法确定其根据的，它是不可能解释的，也不能寻找任何别有用心的原因。
This is the specific nature of its action, _i.e._, the nature of its existence, its being.
这是其行动的特定本质，即其存在的本质、存在的本质。
Of each particular effect of the thing a cause may be certainly indicated, from which it follows that it must act just at this time and in this place; but no cause can ever be found from which it follows that a thing acts in general, and precisely in the way it does.
事物的每一个具体结果都可以肯定地指出一个原因，由此得出结论，它必须在此时此地起作用。但我们永远无法找到任何原因来推断事物的普遍行为，以及它确切的行为方式。
If it has no other qualities, if it is merely a mote in a sunbeam, it yet exhibits this unfathomable something, at least as weight and impenetrability.
如果它没有其他品质，如果它只是阳光中的一粒尘埃，它仍然表现出这种深不可测的东西，至少是重量和不可穿透性。
But this, I say, is to the mote what his will is to a man; and, like the human will, it is, according to its inner nature, not subject to explanation; nay, more—it is in itself identical with this will.
但我要说的是，这对于微尘来说就像他的意志对于一个人来说一样。而且，就像人类的意志一样，根据其内在本质，它是不需要解释的。不仅如此，它本身与这个意志是一致的。
It is true that a motive may be given for every manifestation of will, for every act of will at a particular time and in a particular place, upon which it must necessarily follow, under the presupposition of the character of the man.
诚然，在特定时间和特定地点的每一种意志的表现和每一种意志的行为都可能有一个动机，在人的性格的前提下，它必然遵循这一动机。
But no reason can ever be given that the man has this character; that he wills at all; that, of several motives, just this one and no other, or indeed that any motive at all, moves his will.
但没有任何理由可以证明这个人具有这种性格。他完全愿意；在多种动机中，只有这个而不是其他，或者实际上任何动机都可以推动他的意志。
That which in the case of man is the unfathomable character which is presupposed in every explanation of his actions from motives is, in the case of every unorganised body, its definitive quality—the mode of its action, the manifestations of which are occasioned by impressions from without, while it itself, on the contrary, is determined by nothing outside itself, and thus is also inexplicable.
就人而言，从动机出发解释其行为的每一种解释都以深不可测的性格为前提，而就每个无组织的身体而言，则是其决定性的性质——其行为方式，其表现是由印象引起的。相反，它本身不由任何外在因素决定，因此也是无法解释的。
Its particular manifestations, through which alone it becomes visible, are subordinated to the principle of sufficient reason; it itself is groundless.
它的特殊表现，只有通过它才变得可见，服从于充足理由的原则。它本身是毫无根据的。
This was in substance rightly understood by the schoolmen, who called it _forma substantialis_.
经院学者们实际上正确地理解了这一点，他们称之为“形式实质”。
(Cf.
（参见。
Suarez, Disput.
苏亚雷斯，争议。
Metaph., disp.
隐喻，显示。
xv.
十五.
sect.
教派。
1.)  It is a greater and a commoner error that the phenomena which we best understand are those which are of most frequent occurrence, and which are most universal and simple; for, on the contrary, these are just the phenomena that we are most accustomed to see about us, and to be ignorant of.
1.) 一个更大、更常见的错误是，我们最能理解的现象是那些最频繁发生、最普遍和最简单的现象；因为，恰恰相反，这些正是我们最常看到、却最忽视的现象。
It is just as inexplicable to us that a stone should fall to the earth as that an animal should move itself.
对于我们来说，一块石头会落到地上就像动物会自己移动一样令人费解。
It has been supposed, as we have remarked above, that, starting from the most universal forces of nature (gravitation, cohesion, impenetrability), it was possible to explain from them the rarer forces, which only operate under a combination of circumstances (for example, chemical quality, electricity, magnetism), and, lastly, from these to understand the organism and the life of animals, and even the nature of human knowing and willing.
正如我们上面所评论的，人们认为，从最普遍的自然力（万有引力、内聚力、不可穿透性）出发，可以用它们来解释那些只在多种情况的组合下起作用的罕见力（例如例如，化学性质、电、磁），最后，从中了解有机体和动物的生命，甚至人类认识和意愿的本质。
Men resigned themselves without a word to starting from mere _qualitates occultæ_, the elucidation of which was entirely given up, for they intended to build upon them, not to investigate them.
人们一言不发地从纯粹的神秘学性质出发，完全放弃了对神秘学的阐明，因为他们打算在它们的基础上发展，而不是研究它们。
Such an intention cannot, as we have already said, be carried out.
正如我们已经说过的，这样的意图是不可能实现的。
But apart from this, such structures would always stand in the air.
但除此之外，这样的建筑永远矗立在空中。
What is the use of explanations which ultimately refer us to something which is quite as unknown as the problem with which we started? Do we in the end understand more of the inner nature of these universal natural forces than of the inner nature of an animal? Is not the one as much a sealed book to us as the other? Unfathomable because it is without ground, because it is the content, that which the phenomenon is, and which can never be referred to the form, to the how, to the principle of sufficient reason.
最终将我们引向与我们开始时所面临的问题一样未知的事物的解释有什么用呢？我们最终对这些普遍自然力量的内在本质的理解是否比对动物内在本质的理解更多？对于我们来说，这本书不就像另一本书一样是一本密封的书吗？深不可测，因为它没有根据，因为它是内容，是现象的本质，而它永远不能涉及到形式、如何、充分理由的原则。
But we, who have in view not etiology but philosophy, that is, not relative but unconditioned knowledge of the real nature of the world, take the opposite course, and start from that which is immediately and most completely known to us, and fully and entirely trusted by us—that which lies nearest to us, in order to understand that which is known to us only at a distance, one-sidedly and indirectly.
但我们所考虑的不是病因学而是哲学，即关于世界真实本质的不是相对的而是无条件的知识，我们采取了相反的路线，从我们立即最完全了解的、完全且全面的知识出发。我们完全信任——离我们最近的东西，以便理解我们只能在远处、片面和间接地了解的东西。
From the most powerful, most significant, and most distinct phenomenon we seek to arrive at an understanding of those that are less complete and weaker.
我们力求从最有力、最重要和最独特的现象中理解那些不太完整和较弱的现象。
With the exception of my own body, all things are known to me only on _one_ side, that of the idea.
除了我自己的身体之外，所有的事情我都只知道一方面，即想法。
Their inner nature remains hidden from me and a profound secret, even if I know all the causes from which their changes follow.
即使我知道他们变化的所有原因，他们的内在本质仍然对我隐藏着，是一个深刻的秘密。
Only by comparison with that which goes on in me if my body performs an action when I am influenced by a motive—only by comparison, I say, with what is the inner nature of my own changes determined by external reasons, can I obtain insight into the way in which these lifeless bodies change under the influence of causes, and so understand what is their inner nature.
只有与当我受动机影响时我的身体采取行动时，我内心所发生的事情进行比较——我说，只有与由外部原因决定的我自身变化的内在本质进行比较，我才能获得洞察力。了解这些无生命的身体在原因的影响下发生变化的方式，从而了解它们的内在本质。
For the knowledge of the causes of the manifestation of this inner nature affords me merely the rule of its appearance in time and space, and nothing more.
因为关于这种内在本质表现的原因的知识仅仅为我提供了它在时间和空间上的显现规则，仅此而已。
I can make this comparison because my body is the only object of which I know not merely the _one_ side, that of the idea, but also the other side which is called will.
我可以进行这样的比较，因为我的身体是唯一的物体，我不仅知道它的一面，即观念的一面，而且还知道另一面，即意志。
Thus, instead of believing that I would better understand my own organisation, and then my own knowing and willing, and my movements following upon motives, if I could only refer them to movements due to electrical, chemical, and mechanical causes, I must, seeing that I seek philosophy and not etiology, learn to understand from my own movements following upon motives the inner nature of the simplest and commonest movements of an unorganised body which I see following upon causes.
因此，如果我只能将它们归因于电气、化学和机械原因引起的运动，而不是相信我会更好地理解我自己的组织，然后是我自己的知识和意愿，以及我的运动遵循动机，我必须，鉴于我寻求哲学而不是病因学，学习从我自己遵循动机的运动中理解我所看到的无组织身体的最简单和最常见的运动的内在本质，这些运动是我所看到的。
I must recognise the inscrutable forces which manifest themselves in all natural bodies as identical in kind with that which in me is the will, and as differing from it only in degree.
我必须认识到，在所有自然物体中表现出来的神秘力量与我身上的意志在性质上是相同的，只是程度不同。
That is to say, the fourth class of ideas given in the Essay on the Principle of Sufficient Reason must be the key to the knowledge of the inner nature of the first class, and by means of the law of motivation I must come to understand the inner meaning of the law of causation.
也就是说，《充分理性原理论文》中给出的第四类观念必定是了解第一类内在本质的关键，而我必须借助动机法则来理解第一类观念的内在本质。因果律的内在意义。
 Spinoza (Epist.
斯宾诺莎 (Epist.
62) says that if a stone which has been projected through the air had consciousness, it would believe that it was moving of its own will.
62）说如果一块被投射到空中的石头有意识，它就会相信它是按照自己的意志移动的。
I add to this only that the stone would be right.
我补充一点，这块石头是正确的。
The impulse given it is for the stone what the motive is for me, and what in the case of the stone appears as cohesion, gravitation, rigidity, is in its inner nature the same as that which I recognise in myself as will, and what the stone also, if knowledge were given to it, would recognise as will.
对石头来说，它所给予的冲动就是对我来说的动机，就石头而言，表现为凝聚力、引力、刚性，其内在本质与我在自己身上所认识到的意志相同，而如果赋予石头知识，石头也会认出意志。
In the passage referred to, Spinoza had in view the necessity with which the stone flies, and he rightly desires to transfer this necessity to that of the particular act of will of a person.
在提到的段落中，斯宾诺莎看到了石头飞行的必然性，他正确地希望将这种必然性转移到一个人的特定意志行为的必然性上。
I, on the other hand, consider the inner being, which alone imparts meaning and validity to all real necessity (_i.e._, effect following upon a cause) as its presupposition.
另一方面，我认为内在存在本身就赋予所有真正的必然性以意义和有效性（即，因因而生的结果）作为其预设。
In the case of men this is called character; in the case of a stone it is called quality, but it is the same in both.
对于男人来说，这被称为性格；对于男人来说，这被称为性格。对于石头来说，它被称为质量，但两者是相同的。
When it is immediately known it is called will.
当它立即被知道时，它被称为意志。
In the stone it has the weakest, and in man the strongest degree of visibility, of objectivity.
石头的可见性和客观性最弱，而人的可见性和客观性最强。
St.
英石。
Augustine recognises, with a true instinct, this identity of the tendencies of all things with our own willing, and I cannot refrain from quoting his naïve account of the matter:—“_Si pecora essemus, carnalem vitam et quod secundum sensum ejusdem est amaremus, idque esset sufficiens bonum nostrum, et secundum hoc si esset nobis bene, nihil aliud quæreremus.
奥古斯丁以一种真正的本能认识到，所有事物的倾向都随我们自己的意愿而存在，我忍不住引用他对此事的天真描述：“如果我们是牛，我们就会热爱肉体的生活和那些根据这个意义，是一样的，那就是我们足够好了，根据这一点，如果这对我们有好处，我们就不会再寻求其他的了。
Item, si arbores essemus, nihil quidem sentientes motu amare possemus: verumtamen id quasi appetere videremur, quo feracius essemus, uberiusque fructuosæ.
同样，如果我们是树，我们就无法通过感觉来爱；然而，我们似乎会渴望它，这样我们就会更加野性，更加结果子。
Si essemus lapides, aut fluctus, aut ventus, aut flamma, vel quid ejusmodi, sine ullo quidem sensu atque vita, non tamen nobis deesset quasi quidam nostrorum locorum atque ordinis appetitus.
如果我们是石头，或波浪，或风，或火焰，或任何类似的东西，没有任何感觉或生命，但我们不会缺乏对我们的位置和秩序的胃口。
Nam velut amores corporum momenta sunt ponderum, sive deorsum gravitate, sive sursum levitate nitantur: ita enim corpus pondere, sicut animus amore fertur quocunque fertur_” (De Civ.
Nam velut amores corporum momenta sunt ponderum, sive deorsum gravitate, sive sursum levitate nitantur: ita enim corpus pondere, sicut animus amore fertur quocunque fertur_” (De Civ.
Dei, xi.
得，兮。
28).
28）。
 It ought further to be mentioned that Euler saw that the inner nature of gravitation must ultimately be referred to an “inclination and desire” (thus will) peculiar to material bodies (in the 68th letter to the Princess).
还应该提到的是，欧拉认为万有引力的内在本质最终一定是指物质体特有的“倾向和欲望”（即意志）（在给公主的第 68 封信中）。
Indeed, it is just this that makes him averse to the conception of gravitation as it existed for Newton, and he is inclined to try a modification of it in accordance with the earlier Cartesian theory, and so to derive gravitation from the impact of an ether upon the bodies, as being “more rational and more suitable for persons who like clear and intelligible principles.” He wishes to banish attraction from physics as a _qualitas occulta_.
事实上，正是这一点使他厌恶牛顿存在的引力概念，并且他倾向于尝试根据早期的笛卡尔理论对其进行修改，从而从以太的撞击中推导出引力。在身体上，“更理性，更适合那些喜欢清晰易懂原则的人”。他希望将吸引力作为一种“神秘的品质”从物理学中消除。
This is only in keeping with the dead view of nature which prevailed at Euler’s time as the correlative of the immaterial soul.
这只是符合欧拉时代流行的将自然视为非物质灵魂的死观。
It is only worth noticing because of its bearing upon the fundamental truth established by me, which even at that time this fine intellect saw glimmering in the distance.
它之所以值得注意，只是因为它与我所确立的基本真理有关，即使在那时，这位聪明的才智也看到了在远处闪烁的光芒。
He hastened to turn in time, and then, in his anxiety at seeing all the prevalent fundamental views endangered, he sought safety in the old and already exploded absurdities.
他赶紧转身，然后，在看到所有流行的基本观点受到威胁的焦虑中，他在古老的、已经爆发的荒谬中寻求安全。
 We know that _multiplicity_ in general is necessarily conditioned by space and time, and is only thinkable in them.
我们知道，“多重性”通常必然受到空间和时间的限制，并且只有在空间和时间中才是可以想象的。
In this respect they are called the _principium individuationis_.
在这方面，它们被称为“个体化原则”。
But we have found that space and time are forms of the principle of sufficient reason.
但我们发现空间和时间是充分理由原则的形式。
In this principle all our knowledge _a priori_ is expressed, but, as we showed above, this _a priori_ knowledge, as such, only applies to the knowableness of things, not to the things themselves, _i.e._, it is only our form of knowledge, it is not a property of the thing-in-itself.
在这个原则中，我们所有的先验知识都得到了表达，但是，正如我们上面所表明的，这种先验知识本身仅适用于事物的可知性，而不适用于事物本身，也就是说，它只是我们的知识。知识的形式，它不是事物本身的属性。
The thing-in-itself is, as such, free from all forms of knowledge, even the most universal, that of being an object for the subject.
物自体本身不受任何形式的知识的影响，甚至是最普遍的知识，即作为主体的客体的知识。
In other words, the thing-in-itself is something altogether different from the idea.
换句话说，物自体与观念完全不同。
If, now, this thing-in-itself is _the will_, as I believe I have fully and convincingly proved it to be, then, regarded as such and apart from its manifestation, it lies outside time and space, and therefore knows no multiplicity, and is consequently _one_.
如果，现在，这个自在之物是“意志”，正如我相信我已经充分而令人信服地证明了它是那样，那么，被视为意志，并且脱离其表现形式，它位于时间和空间之外，因此不知道多重性，因此是_one_。
Yet, as I have said, it is not one in the sense in which an individual or a concept is one, but as something to which the condition of the possibility of multiplicity, the _principium individuationis_, is foreign.
然而，正如我所说，它并不是一个个体或一个概念是“一”的意义上的“一”，而是作为一种与多重性的可能性条件（“个体化原理”）相陌生的东西。
The multiplicity of things in space and time, which collectively constitute the objectification of will, does not affect the will itself, which remains indivisible notwithstanding it.
空间和时间中事物的多样性，共同构成了意志的客观化，并不影响意志本身，尽管如此，意志本身仍然是不可分割的。
It is not the case that, in some way or other, a smaller part of will is in the stone and a larger part in the man, for the relation of part and whole belongs exclusively to space, and has no longer any meaning when we go beyond this form of intuition or perception.
事实并非如此，在某种程度上，意志的一小部分存在于石头中，而较大的一部分存在于人中，因为部分与整体的关系完全属于空间，当我们我们观察时，它就不再具有任何意义。超越这种形式的直觉或感知。
The more and the less have application only to the phenomenon of will, that is, its visibility, its objectification.
多和少只适用于意志现象，即它的可见性、它的客观化。
Of this there is a higher grade in the plant than in the stone; in the animal a higher grade than in the plant: indeed, the passage of will into visibility, its objectification, has grades as innumerable as exist between the dimmest twilight and the brightest sunshine, the loudest sound and the faintest echo.
其中，植物中的含量比石头中的含量更高。动物的等级比植物的等级高：事实上，意志进入可见性及其客观化的过程，有无数的等级，就像最昏暗的黄昏和最明亮的阳光、最响亮的声音和最微弱的回声之间存在的等级一样。
We shall return later to the consideration of these grades of visibility which belong to the objectification of the will, to the reflection of its nature.
稍后我们将回到对这些可见性等级的考虑，它们属于意志的客观化，属于意志本质的反映。
But as the grades of its objectification do not directly concern the will itself, still less is it concerned by the multiplicity of the phenomena of these different grades, _i.e._, the multitude of individuals of each form, or the particular manifestations of each force.
但由于它的客体化的等级并不直接关系到意志本身，所以它更不关心这些不同等级的现象的多样性，即每种形式的个体的众多，或特定的表现形式。每一个力量。
For this multiplicity is directly conditioned by time and space, into which the will itself never enters.
因为这种多样性直接受到时间和空间的制约，而意志本身永远不会进入其中。
The will reveals itself as completely and as much in _one_ oak as in millions.
意志在一棵橡树中和在数百万棵橡树中一样完整和充分地展现出来。
Their number and multiplication in space and time has no meaning with regard to it, but only with regard to the multiplicity of individuals who know in space and time, and who are themselves multiplied and dispersed in these.
它们在空间和时间上的数量和倍增对其而言没有任何意义，而仅对在空间和时间中认知的个体的多样性以及这些个体本身在其中倍增和分散而言有意义。
The multiplicity of these individuals itself belongs not to the will, but only to its manifestation.
这些个体本身的多样性并不属于意志，而只属于意志的表现。
We may therefore say that if, _per impossibile_, a single real existence, even the most insignificant, were to be entirely annihilated, the whole world would necessarily perish with it.
因此，我们可以说，如果一个真实的存在，即使是最微不足道的存在，被彻底消灭，那是不可能的，那么整个世界也必然会随之灭亡。
The great mystic Angelus Silesius feels this when he says—       “I know God cannot live an instant without me,     He must give up the ghost if I should cease to be.”   Men have tried in various ways to bring the immeasurable greatness of the material universe nearer to the comprehension of us all, and then they have seized the opportunity to make edifying remarks.
伟大的神秘主义者安杰鲁斯·西莱修斯（Angelus Silesius）感受到了这一点，他说：“我知道上帝没有我就无法生存，如果我不再存在，他就必须放弃鬼魂。”人们曾以各种方式尝试让我们所有人更容易理解物质宇宙的不可估量的伟大，然后他们抓住机会发表了具有启发性的言论。
They have referred perhaps to the relative smallness of the earth, and indeed of man; or, on the contrary, they have pointed out the greatness of the mind of this man who is so insignificant—the mind that can solve, comprehend, and even measure the greatness of the universe, and so forth.
他们或许指的是地球相对渺小，实际上人类也相对渺小。或者，相反，他们指出了这个微不足道的人心灵的伟大——能够解决、理解、甚至测量宇宙的伟大等等的心灵。
Now, all this is very well, but to me, when I consider the vastness of the world, the most important point is this, that the thing-in-itself, whose manifestation is the world—whatever else it may be—cannot have its true self spread out and dispersed after this fashion in boundless space, but that this endless extension belongs only to its manifestation.
现在，这一切都很好，但对我来说，当我考虑世界的浩瀚时，最重要的一点是，以世界为表现形式的自在之物——无论它是什么——不能拥有它的真实自我就这样在无边无际的空间中展开、消散，但这种无尽的延伸只属于它的显现。
The thing-in-itself, on the contrary, is present entire and undivided in every object of nature and in every living being.
相反，自在之物完整且不可分割地存在于每一个自然物体和每一个生物体中。
Therefore we lose nothing by standing still beside any single individual thing, and true wisdom is not to be gained by measuring out the boundless world, or, what would be more to the purpose, by actually traversing endless space.
因此，我们静止地站在任何单独的事物旁边并没有什么损失，而真正的智慧并不是通过测量无边的世界，或者更确切地说，通过实际穿越无尽的空间来获得的。
It is rather to be attained by the thorough investigation of any individual thing, for thus we seek to arrive at a full knowledge and understanding of its true and peculiar nature.
相反，它是通过对任何个体事物的彻底研究来实现的，因为这样我们就力求对其真实和独特的本质有充分的了解和理解。
 The subject which will therefore be fully considered in the next book, and which has, doubtless, already presented itself to the mind of every student of Plato, is, that these different grades of the objectification of will which are manifested in innumerable individuals, and exist as their unattained types or as the eternal forms of things, not entering themselves into time and space, which are the medium of individual things, but remaining fixed, subject to no change, always being, never becoming, while the particular things arise and pass away, always become and never are,—that these _grades of the objectification of will_ are, I say, simply _Plato’s Ideas_.
因此，下一本书将充分考虑这个主题，毫无疑问，这个主题已经出现在柏拉图的每个学生的脑海中，那就是，这些不同等级的意志客观化表现在无数个人身上，并且它们以其未达到的类型或事物的永恒形式存在，不进入作为个体事物媒介的时间和空间，而是保持固定，不发生变化，永远存在，永远不会变化，而特定的事物则出现和出现。过去，总是成为，永远不会存在——我说，这些_意志客观化的等级_只是_柏拉图的理念_。
I make this passing reference to the matter here in order that I may be able in future to use the word _Idea_ in this sense.
我在这里顺便提及这个问题，是为了将来我能够在这个意义上使用“想法”这个词。
In my writings, therefore, the word is always to be understood in its true and original meaning given to it by Plato, and has absolutely no reference to those abstract productions of dogmatising scholastic reason, which Kant has inaptly and illegitimately used this word to denote, though Plato had already appropriated and used it most fitly.
因此，在我的著作中，这个词总是要按照柏拉图赋予它的真实和原始的含义来理解，而绝对不涉及那些教条化经院理性的抽象产物，康德不恰当且不合法地使用这个词来表示这些抽象产物。 ，尽管柏拉图已经最恰当地挪用和使用了它。
By Idea, then, I understand every definite and fixed grade of the objectification of will, so far as it is thing-in-itself, and therefore has no multiplicity.
那么，通过理念，我理解意志客观化的每一个确定的和固定的等级，只要它是自在之物，因此没有多重性。
These grades are related to individual things as their eternal forms or prototypes.
这些等级与个体事物作为其永恒的形式或原型相关。
The shortest and most concise statement of this famous Platonic doctrine is given us by Diogenes Laertes (iii.
第欧根尼·莱尔特斯 (Diogenes Laertes) 对这一著名的柏拉图学说做出了最简短、最简洁的表述（iii.
12): “ὁ Πλατων φησι, εν τῃ φυσει τας ιδεας ἑσταναι, καθαπερ παραδειγματα, τα δ᾽ αλλα ταυταις εοικεναι, τουτων ὁμοιωματα καθεστωτα”—(“_Plato ideas in natura velut exemplaria dixit subsistere; cetera his esse similia, ad istarum similitudinem consistentia_”).
12): “ὁ Πλατων φησι, εν τῃ φυσει τας ιδεας ἑσταναι, καθαπερ παραδειγματα, τα δ᾽ αλλα ταυταις εοικεναι, τουτων ὁ μοιωματα καθεστωτα”—(“_柏拉图在自然中的理念”）。
Of Kant’s misuse of the word I take no further notice; what it is needful to say about it will be found in the Appendix.
对于康德对这个词的误用，我没有进一步注意。需要说明的内容可以在附录中找到。
 § 26.
第26节。
The lowest grades of the objectification of will are to be found in those most universal forces of nature which partly appear in all matter without exception, as gravity and impenetrability, and partly have shared the given matter among them, so that certain of them reign in one species of matter and others in another species, constituting its specific difference, as rigidity, fluidity, elasticity, electricity, magnetism, chemical properties and qualities of every kind.
意志客观化的最低等级可以在那些最普遍的自然力中找到，它们部分地无一例外地出现在所有物质中，如重力和不可穿透性，部分地在它们之间共享给定的物质，因此它们中的某些在世界上占主导地位。一种物质和另一种物质的其他物质，构成了其特定的差异，如刚性、流动性、弹性、电、磁、化学性质和各种性质。
They are in themselves immediate manifestations of will, just as much as human action; and as such they are groundless, like human character.
它们本身就是意志的直接表现，就像人类的行动一样。因此，它们就像人的性格一样毫无根据。
Only their particular manifestations are subordinated to the principle of sufficient reason, like the particular actions of men.
只有它们的特定表现才服从充足理由原则，就像人类的特定行为一样。
They themselves, on the other hand, can never be called either effect or cause, but are the prior and presupposed conditions of all causes and effects through which their real nature unfolds and reveals itself.
另一方面，它们本身永远不能被称为结果或原因，而是所有原因和结果的先决条件和预设条件，通过它们，它们的真实本质得以展开和揭示。
It is therefore senseless to demand a cause of gravity or electricity, for they are original forces.
因此，要求重力或电力的原因是毫无意义的，因为它们是原始力。
Their expressions, indeed, take place in accordance with the law of cause and effect, so that every one of their particular manifestations has a cause, which is itself again just a similar particular manifestation which determines that this force must express itself here, must appear in space and time; but the force itself is by no means the effect of a cause, nor the cause of an effect.
事实上，它们的表现是按照因果法则发生的，因此它们的每一个特定表现都有一个原因，而原因本身又只是一种类似的特定表现，决定了这种力量必须在这里表达自己，必须出现在空间和时间上；但力本身绝不是原因的结果，也不是结果的原因。
It is therefore a mistake to say “gravity is the cause of a stone falling;” for the cause in this case is rather the nearness of the earth, because it attracts the stone.
因此，说“重力是石头下落的原因”是错误的。因为在这种情况下，原因是地球的接近，因为它吸引了石头。
Take the earth away and the stone will not fall, although gravity remains.
把土拿掉，石头就不会掉下来，尽管重力依然存在。
The force itself lies quite outside the chain of causes and effects, which presupposes time, because it only has meaning in relation to it; but the force lies outside time.
力量本身完全处于因果链之外，而因果链以时间为前提，因为它只有与时间相关时才有意义。但力量存在于时间之外。
The individual change always has for its cause another change just as individual as itself, and not the force of which it is the expression.
个体的变化总是有另一个变化作为其原因，就像它本身一样个体，而不是它所表达的力量。
For that which always gives its efficiency to a cause, however many times it may appear, is a force of nature.
因为，无论出现多少次，总是为某项事业带来效率的东西是自然的力量。
As such, it is groundless, _i.e._, it lies outside the chain of causes and outside the province of the principle of sufficient reason in general, and is philosophically known as the immediate objectivity of will, which is the “in-itself” of the whole of nature; but in etiology, which in this reference is physics, it is set down as an original force, _i.e._, a _qualitas occulta_.
因此，它是毫无根据的，也就是说，它位于原因链之外，位于一般充足理由原则的范围之外，并且在哲学上被称为意志的直接客观性，即“内在的”整个自然的“自身”；但在病因学中，在本参考文献中是物理学，它被设定为一种原始力量，_即_，一种_隐秘性_。
 In the higher grades of the objectivity of will we see individuality occupy a prominent position, especially in the case of man, where it appears as the great difference of individual characters, _i.e._, as complete personality, outwardly expressed in strongly marked individual physiognomy, which influences the whole bodily form.
在更高层次的意志客观性中，我们看到个性占据着突出的地位，尤其是在人的情况下，它表现为个体性格的巨大差异，即完整的人格，以强烈的标记外在地表达出来。个人面相，影响整个身体形态。
None of the brutes have this individuality in anything like so high a degree, though the higher species of them have a trace of it; but the character of the species completely predominates over it, and therefore they have little individual physiognomy.
没有一种野兽具有如此高程度的这种个性，尽管它们中的高等物种有一点这种个性。但物种的特征完全占主导地位，因此它们几乎没有个体面貌。
The farther down we go, the more completely is every trace of the individual character lost in the common character of the species, and the physiognomy of the species alone remains.
我们越往下走，个体特征的痕迹就越完全地消失在物种的共同特征中，只剩下物种的面貌。
We know the physiological character of the species, and from that we know exactly what is to be expected from the individual; while, on the contrary, in the human species every individual has to be studied and fathomed for himself, which, if we wish to forecast his action with some degree of certainty, is, on account of the possibility of concealment that first appears with reason, a matter of the greatest difficulty.
我们知道物种的生理特征，并从中准确地知道对个体的期望；相反，在人类中，每个人都必须为自己进行研究和理解，如果我们希望以某种程度的确定性预测他的行为，那就是考虑到首先随理性出现的隐藏的可能性，难度最大的一个问题。
It is probably connected with this difference of the human species from all others, that the folds and convolutions of the brain, which are entirely wanting in birds, and very weakly marked in rodents, are even in the case of the higher animals far more symmetrical on both sides, and more constantly the same in each individual, than in the case of human beings.(34) It is further to be regarded as a phenomenon of this peculiar individual character which distinguishes men from all the lower animals, that in the case of the brutes the sexual instinct seeks its satisfaction without observable choice of objects, while in the case of man this choice is, in a purely instinctive manner and independent of all reflection, carried so far that it rises into a powerful passion.
这可能与人类与其他物种的这种差异有关，即大脑的褶皱和回旋在鸟类中完全缺乏，而在啮齿类动物中则非常微弱，即使在高等动物中也更加对称与人类相比，每个个体的情况都更加一致。（34）进一步可以将其视为这种独特的个体特征的现象，它将人类与所有低等动物区分开来，即就动物而言，性本能在没有明显选择对象的情况下寻求满足，而就人而言，这种选择以纯粹本能的方式且独立于所有反思，进行得如此之远，以至于上升为强大的激情。
While then every man is to be regarded as a specially determined and characterised phenomenon of will, and indeed to a certain extent as a special Idea, in the case of the brutes this individual character as a whole is wanting, because only the species has a special significance.
虽然每个人都被视为一种特殊决定和表征的意志现象，实际上在某种程度上被视为一种特殊的理念，但就畜生而言，这种个体特征作为一个整体是缺乏的，因为只有物种才具有具有特殊意义。
And the farther we go from man, the fainter becomes the trace of this individual character, so that plants have no individual qualities left, except such as may be fully explained from the favourable or unfavourable external influences of soil, climate, and other accidents.
我们离人类越远，这种个体特征的痕迹就越模糊，因此，除了那些可以通过土壤、气候和其他意外事件的有利或不利的外部影响来充分解释的特征之外，植物已经没有个体特征了。
Finally, in the inorganic kingdom of nature all individuality disappears.
最后，在无机自然王国中，所有个性都消失了。
The crystal alone is to be regarded as to a certain extent individual.
单独的晶体在某种程度上被视为个体。
It is a unity of the tendency in definite directions, fixed by crystallisation, which makes the trace of this tendency permanent.
它是在明确方向上的趋势的统一，通过结晶固定，这使得这种趋势的痕迹永久存在。
It is at the same time a cumulative repetition of its primitive form, bound into unity by an idea, just as the tree is an aggregate of the single germinating fibre which shows itself in every rib of the leaves, in every leaf, in every branch; which repeats itself, and to some extent makes each of these appear as a separate growth, nourishing itself from the greater as a parasite, so that the tree, resembling the crystal, is a systematic aggregate of small plants, although only the whole is the complete expression of an individual Idea, _i.e._, of this particular grade of the objectification of will.
同时，它也是其原始形式的累积重复，通过一个观念结合成一个整体，就像树是单个发芽纤维的集合体，它在叶子的每一个肋骨、每片叶子、每一个树枝上都显现出来。 ;它不断重复，在某种程度上使每一种植物看起来都是独立的生长，像寄生虫一样从更大的植物中滋养自己，因此，这棵树就像水晶一样，是小植物的系统聚集体，尽管只有整体才是最重要的。个人思想的完整表达，即这种特定等级的意志客观化的完整表达。
But the individuals of the same species of crystal can have no other difference than such as is produced by external accidents; indeed we can make at pleasure large or small crystals of every species.
但同种水晶的个体之间除了因外部偶然因素而产生的差异外，不可能有其他差异。事实上，我们可以随意制造每种物种的大晶体或小晶体。
The individual, however, as such, that is, with traces of an individual character, does not exist further in unorganised nature.
然而，个体本身，即具有个体特征的痕迹，在无组织的自然界中不再存在。
All its phenomena are expressions of general forces of nature, _i.e._, of those grades of the objectification of will which do not objectify themselves (as is the case in organised nature), by means of the difference of the individualities which collectively express the whole of the Idea, but show themselves only in the species, and as a whole, without any variation in each particular example of it.
它的所有现象都是一般自然力量的表达，即那些不将自身客观化的意志客观化等级的表达（就像有组织的自然中的情况一样），通过个体的差异来集体化。表达了整个理念，但仅在物种中作为整体表现出来，在每个特定的例子中没有任何变化。
Time, space, multiplicity, and existence conditioned by causes, do not belong to the will or to the Idea (the grade of the objectification of will), but only to their particular phenomena.
时间、空间、多样性和受因制约的存在，不属于意志或理念（意志客观化的等级），而只属于它们的特定现象。
Therefore such a force of nature as, for example, gravity or electricity, must show itself as such in precisely the same way in all its million phenomena, and only external circumstances can modify these.
因此，像重力或电力这样的自然力，必须以完全相同的方式在其所有数以百万计的现象中表现出来，并且只有外部环境才能改变这些现象。
This unity of its being in all its phenomena, this unchangeable constancy of the appearance of these, whenever, under the guidance of causality, the necessary conditions are present, is called a _law of nature_.
一切现象的存在的统一性，只要在因果关系的指导下，必要的条件出现，这些现象的出现就会保持不变，被称为“自然法则”。
If such a law is once learned from experience, then the phenomenon of that force of nature, the character of which is expressed and laid down in it, may be accurately forecast and counted upon.
如果一旦从经验中学到了这样的规律，那么自然力的现象，其特征在其中表达和规定，就可以被准确地预测和依靠。
But it is just this conformity to law of the phenomena of the lower grades of the objectification of will which gives them such a different aspect from the phenomena of the same will in the higher, _i.e._, the more distinct, grades of its objectification, in animals, and in men and their actions, where the stronger or weaker influence of the individual character and the susceptibility to motives which often remain hidden from the spectator, because they lie in knowledge, has had the result that the identity of the inner nature of the two kinds of phenomena has hitherto been entirely overlooked.
但正是这种对意志客体化的较低等级现象的规律的遵循，使得它们与较高等级（即更明显的）意志客体化等级中相同意志的现象有着如此不同的方面。它的客体化，在动物、人和他们的行为中，个体性格的影响或强或弱，以及对动机的敏感性，这些动机往往对观众来说是隐藏的，因为它们存在于知识中，其结果是，个体的同一性迄今为止，这两种现象的内在本质都被完全忽视了。
 If we start from the knowledge of the particular, and not from that of the Idea, there is something astonishing, and sometimes even terrible, in the absolute uniformity of the laws of nature.
如果我们从特殊的知识出发，而不是从理念的知识出发，那么自然法则的绝对统一性就会令人惊讶，有时甚至是可怕的。
It might astonish us that nature never once forgets her laws; that if, for example, it has once been according to a law of nature that where certain materials are brought together under given conditions, a chemical combination will take place, or gas will be evolved, or they will go on fire; if these conditions are fulfilled, whether by our interposition or entirely by chance (and in this case the accuracy is the more astonishing because unexpected), to-day just as well as a thousand years ago, the determined phenomenon will take place at once and without delay.
大自然永远不会忘记她的法则，这可能会让我们感到惊讶。例如，如果曾经根据自然法则，某些材料在特定条件下聚集在一起，就会发生化学结合，或者会产生气体，或者它们会着火；如果这些条件得到满足，无论是通过我们的干预还是完全偶然（在这种情况下，准确性更加惊人，因为出乎意料），今天就像一千年前一样，所确定的现象将立即发生，并且不延误。
We are most vividly impressed with the marvellousness of this fact in the case of rare phenomena, which only occur under very complex circumstances, but which we are previously informed will take place if these conditions are fulfilled.
在罕见现象的情况下，我们对这一事实的奇妙印象最为深刻，这些现象只在非常复杂的情况下发生，但我们之前被告知，如果满足这些条件，就会发生这种现象。
For example, when we are told that if certain metals, when arranged alternately in fluid with which an acid has been mixed, are brought into contact, silver leaf brought between the extremities of this combination will suddenly be consumed in a green flame; or that under certain conditions the hard diamond turns into carbonic acid.
例如，当我们得知，如果某些金属在与酸混合的液体中交替排列时发生接触，则置于这种组合两端之间的银叶会突然在绿色火焰中被消耗掉；或者在某些条件下硬金刚石会变成碳酸。
It is the ghostly omnipresence of natural forces that astonishes us in such cases, and we remark here what in the case of phenomena which happen daily no longer strikes us, how the connection between cause and effect is really as mysterious as that which is imagined between a magic formula and a spirit that must appear when invoked by it.
在这种情况下，令人惊讶的是自然力量的幽灵般无所不在，我们在这里注意到，对于每天发生的现象，我们不再感到震惊，原因和结果之间的联系如何真正像想象之间的联系一样神秘。一个魔法公式和一个被它调用时必须出现的灵魂。
On the other hand, if we have attained to the philosophical knowledge that a force of nature is a definite grade of the objectification of will, that is to say, a definite grade of that which we recognise as our own inmost nature, and that this will, in itself, and distinguished from its phenomena and their forms, lies outside time and space, and that, therefore, the multiplicity, which is conditioned by time and space, does not belong to it, nor directly to the grade of its objectification, _i.e._, the Idea, but only to the phenomena of the Idea; and if we remember that the law of causality has significance only in relation to time and space, inasmuch as it determines the position of the multitude of phenomena of the different Ideas in which the will reveals itself, governing the order in which they must appear; if, I say, in this knowledge the inner meaning of the great doctrine of Kant has been fully grasped, the doctrine that time, space, and causality do not belong to the thing-in-itself, but merely to the phenomenon, that they are only the forms of our knowledge, not qualities of things in themselves; then we shall understand that this astonishment at the conformity to law and accurate operation of a force of nature, this astonishment at the complete sameness of all its million phenomena and the infallibility of their occurrence, is really like that of a child or a savage who looks for the first time through a glass with many facets at a flower, and marvels at the complete similarity of the innumerable flowers which he sees, and counts the leaves of each of them separately.
另一方面，如果我们已经获得了这样的哲学知识：自然力是意志客观化的一个确定的等级，也就是说，是我们所承认的我们自己的最内在的自然的一个确定的等级，并且这个意志本身，与它的现象及其形式不同，位于时间和空间之外，因此，受时间和空间制约的多样性不属于它，也不直接属于它的客体化等级。 ，即理念，但仅限于理念的现象；如果我们记住，因果律仅在与时间和空间相关时才有意义，因为它决定了不同理念的众多现象的位置，在这些现象中，意志揭示了自己，控制着它们必须出现的顺序；我说，如果在这种认识中完全掌握了康德伟大学说的内在含义，即时间、空间和因果关系不属于自在之物，而仅仅是现象，它们只是我们知识的形式，而不是事物本身的性质；那么我们就会明白，这种对自然力的遵守规律和精确运作的惊讶，对所有数以百万计的现象的完全相同及其发生的绝对正确性的惊讶，真的就像一个孩子或一个野蛮人第一次透过多面玻璃观察一朵花，他惊讶于他所看到的无数朵花的完全相似，并分别数出了每朵花的叶子。
 Thus every universal, original force of nature is nothing but a low grade of the objectification of will, and we call every such grade an eternal _Idea_ in Plato’s sense.
因此，每一种普遍的、原始的自然力量只不过是意志客观化的低级，我们将每一种这样的等级称为柏拉图意义上的永恒的理念。
But a _law of nature_ is the relation of the Idea to the form of its manifestation.
但“自然法则”是理念与其表现形式的关系。
This form is time, space, and causality, which are necessarily and inseparably connected and related to each other.
这种形式就是时间、空间、因果关系，它们之间存在着必然的、不可分割的联系和联系。
Through time and space the Idea multiplies itself in innumerable phenomena, but the order according to which it enters these forms of multiplicity is definitely determined by the law of causality; this law is as it were the norm of the limit of these phenomena of different Ideas, in accordance with which time, space, and matter are assigned to them.
通过时间和空间，理念在无数的现象中倍增，但它进入这些多重形式的顺序绝对是由因果律决定的；这个法则可以说是这些不同观念现象的界限的规范，根据这些现象，时间、空间和物质被分配给它们。
This norm is therefore necessarily related to the identity of the aggregate of existing matter, which is the common substratum of all those different phenomena.
因此，这一规范必然与现有物质集合的同一性相关，而现有物质集合是所有这些不同现象的共同基础。
If all these were not directed to that common matter in the possession of which they must be divided, there would be no need for such a law to decide their claims.
如果所有这些都不是针对他们必须分割的共同财产，那么就不需要这样的法律来决定他们的主张。
They might all at once and together fill a boundless space throughout an endless time.
它们可能同时一起充满无限的空间和无尽的时间。
Therefore, because all these phenomena of the eternal Ideas are directed to one and the same matter, must there be a rule for their appearance and disappearance; for if there were not, they would not make way for each other.
因此，由于所有这些永恒理念的现象都指向同一个物质，它们的出现和消失必然有一个规则；因为如果没有，他们就不会互相让路。
Thus the law of causality is essentially bound up with that of the permanence of substance; they reciprocally derive significance from each other.
因此，因果律本质上是与实体的永久性规律联系在一起的。它们相互赋予意义。
Time and space, again, are related to them in the same way.
时间和空间同样以同样的方式与它们相关。
For time is merely the possibility of conflicting states of the same matter, and space is merely the possibility of the permanence of the same matter under all sorts of conflicting states.
因为时间只是同一物质存在冲突状态的可能性，而空间只是同一物质在各种冲突状态下永久存在的可能性。
Accordingly, in the preceding book we explained matter as the union of space and time, and this union shows itself as change of the accidents in the permanence of the substance, of which causality or becoming is the universal possibility.
因此，在上本书中，我们将物质解释为空间和时间的结合，这种结合表现为物质永久性中偶然性的变化，其中因果性或生成性是普遍的可能性。
And accordingly, we said that matter is through and through causality.
因此，我们说物质是彻头彻尾的因果关系。
We explained the understanding as the subjective correlative of causality, and said matter (and thus the whole world as idea) exists only for the understanding; the understanding is its condition, its supporter as its necessary correlative.
我们将理解解释为因果关系的主观关联，并且所说的物质（以及作为观念的整个世界）只为理解而存在；理解是它的条件，它的支持者是它的必要关联。
I repeat all this in passing, merely to call to mind what was demonstrated in the First Book, for it is necessary for the complete understanding of these two books that their inner agreement should be observed, since what is inseparably united in the actual world as its two sides, will and idea, has, in order that we might understand each of them more clearly in isolation, been dissevered in these two books.
我顺便重复一遍这一切，只是为了回想起第一本书中所展示的内容，因为要完全理解这两本书，就必须观察它们内在的一致性，因为在现实世界中，不可分割的统一体是它的两个方面，即意志和理念，为了让我们能够更清楚地孤立地理解它们中的每一面，在这两本书中都被分解了。
 It may not perhaps be superfluous to elucidate further by an example how the law of causality has meaning only in relation to time and space, and the matter which consists in the union of the two.
通过一个例子来进一步阐明因果律如何仅在涉及时间和空间以及两者结合的物质时才有意义，也许并非多余。
For it determines the limits in accordance with which the phenomena of the forces of nature divide themselves in the possession of matter, while the original forces of nature, as the immediate objectification of will, which, as a thing in itself, is not subordinated to the principle of sufficient reason, lie outside these forms, within which alone all etiological explanation has validity and meaning, and just on that account can never lead us to the inner reality of nature.
因为它决定了自然力现象在物质占有中划分自身的界限，而原始自然力作为意志的直接客体化，作为一个自在之物，不服从于意志的直接客观化。充分理由原则位于这些形式之外，只有在这些形式中，所有的病因学解释才具有有效性和意义，并且仅凭这一点永远无法引导我们走向自然的内在现实。
For this purpose let us think of some kind of machine constructed according to the laws of mechanics.
为此，让我们考虑某种根据力学定律构造的机器。
Iron weights begin the motion by their gravity; copper wheels resist by their rigidity, affect and raise each other and the lever by their impenetrability, and so on.
铁锤通过重力开始运动；铜轮因其刚性而产生阻力，通过其不可穿透性而相互影响并抬高杠杆，等等。
Here gravity, rigidity, and impenetrability are original unexplained forces; mechanics only gives us the condition under which, and the manner in which, they manifest themselves, appear, and govern a definite matter, time, and place.
在这里，重力、刚性和不可穿透性是原始的无法解释的力；力学只给我们提供了它们显现、出现和支配一定物质、时间和地点的条件和方式。
If, now, a strong magnet is made to attract the iron of the weight, and overcome its gravity, the movement of the machine stops, and the matter becomes forthwith the scene of quite a different force of nature—magnetism, of which etiology again gives no further explanation than the condition under which it appears.
现在，如果制造出一块强磁铁来吸引重物中的铁，并克服其重力，那么机器的运动就会停止，物质就会立即变成一种完全不同的自然力的景象——磁力，其病因学又来了。除了它出现的条件之外，没有给出更多解释。
Or let us suppose that the copper discs of such a machine are laid upon zinc plates, and an acid solution introduced between them.
或者让我们假设这种机器的铜盘放置在锌板上，并在它们之间引入酸溶液。
At once the same matter of the machine has become subject to another original force, galvanism, which now governs it according to its own laws, and reveals itself in it through its phenomena; and etiology can again tell us nothing about this force except the conditions under which, and the laws in accordance with which, it manifests itself.
机器的同一物质立刻受到另一种原始力量的支配，即电流作用，电流现在根据它自己的定律来控制它，并通过它的现象在它身上揭示它自己；病因学无法告诉我们关于这种力量的任何信息，除了它表现出来的条件和规律之外。
Let us now raise the temperature and add pure acid; the whole machine burns; that is to say, once more an entirely different force of nature, chemical energy, asserts at this time and in this place irresistible claims to this particular matter, and reveals itself in it as Idea, as a definite grade of the objectification of will.
现在让我们升高温度并添加纯酸；整机烧毁；也就是说，一种完全不同的自然力量，即化学能，再次在此时此地对这一特定物质提出了不可抗拒的要求，并在其中将自己揭示为理念，作为意志客观化的明确等级。
The calcined metal thus produced now unites with an acid, and a salt is obtained which forms itself into crystals.
由此产生的经煅烧的金属现在与酸结合，并获得盐，该盐自身形成晶体。
These are the phenomena of another Idea, which in itself is again quite inexplicable, while the appearance of its phenomena is dependent upon certain conditions which etiology can give us.
这些是另一种理念的现象，它本身又是相当难以解释的，而其现象的出现取决于病因学可以给我们提供的某些条件。
The crystals dissolve, mix with other materials, and vegetation springs up from them—a new phenomenon of will: and so the same permanent matter may be followed _ad infinitum_, to observe how now this and now that natural force obtains a right to it and temporarily takes possession of it, in order to appear and reveal its own nature.
晶体溶解，与其他材料混合，植被从中生长出来——一种新的意志现象：因此，同样的永久物质可以被无限地追踪，观察现在这个和现在那个自然力如何获得它的权利并暂时占有它，以便显现并揭示它的本质。
The condition of this right, the point of time and space at which it becomes valid, is given by causality, but the explanation founded upon this law only extends thus far.
这项权利的条件，即它生效的时间点和空间点，是由因果关系给出的，但建立在这一法则基础上的解释也仅限于此。
The force itself is a manifestation of will, and as such is not subject to the forms of the principle of sufficient reason, that is, it is groundless.
力量本身是意志的表现，因此不服从充分理由原则的形式，也就是说，它是没有根据的。
It lies outside all time, is omnipresent, and seems as it were to wait constantly till the circumstances occur under which it can appear and take possession of a definite matter, supplanting the forces which have reigned in it till then.
它始终处于外部，无所不在，似乎一直在等待，直到环境发生，在这种情况下它才能出现并占据一定的物质，取代迄今为止统治它的力量。
All time exists only for the phenomena of such a force, and is without significance for the force itself.
一切时间只是为了这种力的现象而存在，对于力本身来说没有任何意义。
Through thousands of years chemical forces slumber in matter till the contact with the reagents sets them free; then they appear; but time exists only for the phenomena, not for the forces themselves.
化学力在物质中沉睡了数千年，直到与试剂接触才将其释放。然后他们出现了；但时间只为现象而存在，而不为力本身而存在。
For thousands of years galvanism slumbered in copper and zinc, and they lay quietly beside silver, which must be consumed in flame as soon as all three are brought together under the required conditions.
几千年来，电镀法一直沉睡在铜和锌中，它们静静地躺在银旁边，一旦这三者在所需的条件下结合在一起，银就必须在火焰中被消耗掉。
Even in the organic kingdom we see a dry seed preserve the slumbering force through three thousand years, and when at last the favourable circumstances occur, grow up as a plant.(35)  If by this exposition the difference between a force of nature and all its phenomena has been made quite distinct; if we have seen clearly that the former is the will itself at this particular grade of its objectification, but that multiplicity comes to phenomena only through time and space, and that the law of causality is nothing but the determination of the position of these phenomena in time and space; then we shall recognise the complete truth and the deep meaning of Malebranche’s doctrine of occasional causes (_causes occasionelles_).
即使在有机王国中，我们也看到一粒干燥的种子在三千年的时间里保持着沉睡的力量，当最终有利的环境发生时，它就会像植物一样长大。（35）如果通过这种解释，自然力与所有力量之间的区别它的现象已经非常明显了；如果我们清楚地看到，前者是在其客体化的这一特定等级上的意志本身，但现象的多样性只能通过时间和空间来实现，而因果律只不过是这些现象在时间和空间中的位置的决定。时间和空间;那么我们就会认识到马勒伯朗士偶然原因学说的全部真理和深刻含义。
It is well worth while comparing this doctrine of his, as he explains it in the “_Recherches de la Vérite_,” both in the 3rd Chapter of the second part of the 6th Book, and in the _éclaircissements_ appended to this chapter, with this exposition of mine, and observing the complete agreement of the two doctrines in the case of such different systems of thought.
正如他在《Recherches de la Vérite》（《Recherches de la Vérite》）中所解释的那样，他在第六卷第二部分的第 3 章中以及本章所附的《éclaircissements》中对此的阐述与他的这一学说进行比较是非常值得的。我的观点，并在如此不同的思想体系的情况下观察这两种学说的完全一致。
Indeed I cannot help admiring how Malebranche, though thoroughly involved in the positive dogmas which his age inevitably forced upon him, yet, in such bonds and under such a burden, hit the truth so happily, so correctly, and even knew how to combine it with these dogmas, at all events verbally.
事实上，我不禁钦佩马勒伯朗士，尽管他彻底陷入了他的时代不可避免地强加给他的积极教条，然而，在这样的束缚和这样的负担下，他如此快乐、如此正确地触及真理，甚至知道如何将它结合起来无论如何，都是口头上遵守这些教条。
 For the power of truth is incredibly great and of unspeakable endurance.
因为真理的力量是无比巨大的，具有难以言喻的忍耐力。
We find constant traces of it in all, even the most eccentric and absurd dogmas, of different times and different lands,—often indeed in strange company, curiously mixed up with other things, but still recognisable.
我们在不同时代、不同国家的一切事物中，甚至是最古怪、最荒谬的教条中，都能找到它的持续痕迹——实际上常常是在奇怪的陪伴下，与其他事物奇怪地混合在一起，但仍然可以辨认。
It is like a plant that germinates under a heap of great stones, but still struggles up to the light, working itself through with many deviations and windings, disfigured, worn out, stunted in its growth,—but yet, to the light.
它就像一棵在一堆大石头下发芽的植物，但仍然在向光挣扎，在许多偏差和曲折中努力，变形，磨损，生长受阻，但仍然向光。
 In any case Malebranche is right: every natural cause is only an occasional cause.
无论如何，马勒伯朗士是对的：每一个自然原因都只是偶然原因。
It only gives opportunity or occasion for the manifestation of the one indivisible will which is the “in-itself” of all things, and whose graduated objectification is the whole visible world.
它只为表现出一个不可分割的意志提供了机会或场合，这个意志是万物的“自在”，而其逐步的客观化就是整个可见的世界。
Only the appearance, the becoming visible, in this place, at this time, is brought about by the cause and is so far dependent on it, but not the whole of the phenomenon, nor its inner nature.
只有表象，即在此时此地可见的现象，是由原因所带来的，并且迄今为止依赖于它，而不是整个现象，也不是其内在本质。
This is the will itself, to which the principle of sufficient reason has not application, and which is therefore groundless.
这就是意志本身，充分理由原则没有适用于它，因此是没有根据的。
Nothing in the world has a sufficient cause of its existence generally, but only a cause of existence just here and just now.
世界上没有任何事物具有普遍存在的充分原因，而只有此时此地存在的原因。
That a stone exhibits now gravity, now rigidity, now electricity, now chemical qualities, depends upon causes, upon impressions upon it from without, and is to be explained from these.
一块石头有时表现出重力，有时表现出刚性，有时表现出电力，有时表现出化学性质，这取决于原因，取决于外界对它的印象，并且可以从这些方面进行解释。
But these qualities themselves, and thus the whole inner nature of the stone which consists in them, and therefore manifests itself in all the ways referred to; thus, in general, that the stone is such as it is, that it exists generally—all this, I say, has no ground, but is the visible appearance of the groundless will.
但这些品质本身，以及包含在它们之中的石头的整个内在本质，因此以所提到的所有方式表现出来；因此，一般来说，石头就是这样，它一般地存在——我说，这一切都没有根据，而是毫无根据的意志的可见表象。
Every cause is thus an occasional cause.
因此，每个原因都是偶然原因。
We have found it to be so in nature, which is without knowledge, and it is also precisely the same when motives and not causes or stimuli determine the point at which the phenomena are to appear, that is to say, in the actions of animals and human beings.
我们发现，在没有知识的自然界中也是如此，当动机而不是原因或刺激决定现象出现的点时，也就是说，在动物的行为中，情况也是如此。和人类。
For in both cases it is one and the same will which appears; very different in the grades of its manifestation, multiplied in the phenomena of these grades, and, in respect of these, subordinated to the principle of sufficient reason, but in itself free from all this.
因为在这两种情况下，所出现的都是同一个意志；其表现的等级非常不同，在这些等级的现象中倍增，并且就这些等级而言，服从充分理由的原则，但其本身不受这一切的影响。
Motives do not determine the character of man, but only the phenomena of his character, that is, his actions; the outward fashion of his life, not its inner meaning and content.
动机并不决定人的性格，而决定人性格的现象，即他的行为；他生活的外在时尚，而不是其内在的意义和内容。
These proceed from the character which is the immediate manifestation of the will, and is therefore groundless.
这些都是从品格出发的，品格是意志的直接表现，因此是没有根据的。
That one man is bad and another good, does not depend upon motives or outward influences, such as teaching and preaching, and is in this sense quite inexplicable.
一个人是坏人，另一个人是好人，并不取决于动机或外在影响，例如教导和讲道，从这个意义上来说，这是相当令人费解的。
But whether a bad man shows his badness in petty acts of injustice, cowardly tricks, and low knavery which he practises in the narrow sphere of his circumstances, or whether as a conqueror he oppresses nations, throws a world into lamentation, and sheds the blood of millions; this is the outward form of his manifestation, that which is unessential to it, and depends upon the circumstances in which fate has placed him, upon his surroundings, upon external influences, upon motives; but his decision upon these motives can never be explained from them; it proceeds from the will, of which this man is a manifestation.
但是，一个坏人是否会在他所处的狭隘环境中表现出不公正的小行为、懦弱的诡计和卑鄙的恶行，或者作为一个征服者，他会压迫国家，使世界陷入悲痛，并流血呢？数以百万计；这是他表现的外在形式，对于它来说并不是本质的，而是取决于命运把他置于其中的环境，取决于他的周围环境，取决于外部影响，取决于动机。但他对这些动机的决定永远无法从这些动机中得到解释。它源自意志，而这个人就是意志的体现。
Of this we shall speak in the Fourth Book.
我们将在第四本书中谈到这一点。
The manner in which the character discloses its qualities is quite analogous to the way in which those of every material body in unconscious nature are disclosed.
角色揭示其品质的方式与无意识自然中每个物质体的品质的揭示方式非常相似。
Water remains water with its intrinsic qualities, whether as a still lake it reflects its banks, or leaps in foam from the cliffs, or, artificially confined, spouts in a long jet into the air.
水仍然是水，具有其内在的品质，无论是作为倒映在河岸上的平静的湖泊，还是从悬崖上跃出的泡沫，或者是人为限制的，以长长的喷流喷向空中。
All that depends upon external causes; the one form is as natural to it as the other, but it will always show the same form in the same circumstances; it is equally ready for any, but in every case true to its character, and at all times revealing this alone.
这一切都取决于外因；一种形式对它来说和另一种形式一样自然，但在相同的情况下它总是会表现出相同的形式；它同样准备好应对任何情况，但在任何情况下都忠实于其特征，并且始终仅揭示这一点。
So will every human character under all circumstances reveal itself, but the phenomena which proceed from it will always be in accordance with the circumstances.
因此，每个人的性格在任何情况下都会显露出来，但由此产生的现象总是与情况相符。
 § 27.
第27节。
If, from the foregoing consideration of the forces of nature and their phenomena, we have come to see clearly how far an explanation from causes can go, and where it must stop if it is not to degenerate into the vain attempt to reduce the content of all phenomena to their mere form, in which case there would ultimately remain nothing but form, we shall be able to settle in general terms what is to be demanded of etiology as a whole.
如果，从前面对自然力及其现象的考虑中，我们已经清楚地看到，对原因的解释可以走多远，如果它不堕落为徒劳地试图减少自然的内容，那么它必须停止在哪里。如果我们把一切现象归结为纯粹的形式，在这种情况下，最终只剩下形式，我们将能够笼统地解决整个病因学所要求的问题。
It must seek out the causes of all phenomena in nature, _i.e._, the circumstances under which they invariably appear.
它必须找出自然界所有现象的原因，即它们总是出现的环境。
Then it must refer the multitude of phenomena which have various forms in various circumstances to what is active in every phenomenon, and is presupposed in the cause,—original forces of nature.
然后，它必须将在不同情况下具有不同形式的众多现象与每种现象中活跃的因素联系起来，并在原因中预先假定，即自然的原始力量。
It must correctly distinguish between a difference of the phenomenon which arises from a difference of the force, and one which results merely from a difference of the circumstances under which the force expresses itself; and with equal care it must guard against taking the expressions of one and the same force under different circumstances for the manifestations of different forces, and conversely against taking for manifestations of one and the same force what originally belongs to different forces.
它必须正确区分由力量差异引起的现象差异和仅仅由力量表现自身的环境差异引起的现象差异；必须同样谨慎地防止将同一种力在不同情况下的表现视为不同力的表现，反之亦不能将原本属于不同力的东西视为同一种力的表现。
Now this is the direct work of the faculty of judgment, and that is why so few men are capable of increasing our insight in physics, while all are able to enlarge experience.
现在，这是判断能力的直接工作，这就是为什么很少有人能够增加我们对物理学的洞察力，而所有人都能够扩大经验。
Indolence and ignorance make us disposed to appeal too soon to original forces.
懒惰和无知使我们倾向于过早诉诸原始力量。
This is exemplified with an exaggeration that savours of irony in the entities and quidities of the schoolmen.
对此的例证是对经院学者的实体和性质的夸张，带有讽刺意味。
Nothing is further from my desire than to favour their resuscitation.
没有什么比支持他们的复苏更离我的愿望了。
We have just as little right to appeal to the objectification of will, instead of giving a physical explanation, as we have to appeal to the creative power of God.
我们没有权利诉诸意志的客观化，而不是给出物理解释，就像我们必须诉诸上帝的创造力一样。
For physics demands causes, and the will is never a cause.
因为物理学需要原因，而意志永远不是原因。
Its whole relation to the phenomenon is not in accordance with the principle of sufficient reason.
它与现象的整个关系并不符合充足理由原则。
But that which in itself is the will exists in another aspect as idea; that is to say, is phenomenon.
但本身就是意志的东西却以观念的形式存在于另一个方面。也就是说，是现象。
As such, it obeys the laws which constitute the form of the phenomenon.
因此，它遵循构成现象形式的规律。
Every movement, for example, although it is always a manifestation of will, must yet have a cause from which it is to be explained in relation to a particular time and space; that is, not in general in its inner nature, but as a _particular_ phenomenon.
例如，每一个运动，尽管它始终是意志的表现，但也必须有一个原因，可以根据该原因与特定的时间和空间进行解释；也就是说，不是一般意义上的内在本质，而是一种特殊的现象。
In the case of the stone, this is a mechanical cause; in that of the movement of a man, it is a motive; but in no case can it be wanting.
对于石头来说，这是机械原因；对于一个人的运动来说，它是一个动机；对于一个人的运动来说，它是一个动机；但无论如何都不能缺少它。
On the other hand, the universal common nature of all phenomena of one particular kind, that which must be presupposed if the explanation from causes is to have any sense and meaning, is the general force of nature, which, in physics, must remain a _qualitas occulta_, because with it the etiological explanation ends and the metaphysical begins.
另一方面，一种特定类型的所有现象的普遍共同性质，如果对原因的解释要具有任何意义和意义，就必须预先假定它是自然的普遍力量，在物理学中，它必须仍然是一种自然力量。 _qualitas oculta_，因为有了它，病因学解释就结束了，形而上学就开始了。
But the chain of causes and effects is never broken by an original force to which it has been necessary to appeal.
但因果链永远不会被它必须诉诸的原始力量所打破。
It does not run back to such a force as if it were its first link, but the nearest link, as well as the remotest, presupposes the original force, and could otherwise explain nothing.
它不会回到这样一个力，就好像它是它的第一个链接一样，但是最近的链接以及最远的链接都以原始力为先决条件，否则无法解释任何事情。
A series of causes and effects may be the manifestation of the most different kinds of forces, whose successive visible appearances are conducted through it, as I have illustrated above by the example of a metal machine.
一系列的原因和结果可能是最不同种类的力的表现，这些力的连续可见外观是通过它来传导的，正如我上面通过金属机器的例子所说明的那样。
But the difference of these original forces, which cannot be referred to each other, by no means breaks the unity of that chain of causes, and the connection between all its links.
但这些原动力的差异，虽然不能相互参照，却决不会破坏因果链的统一性及其所有环节之间的联系。
The etiology and the philosophy of nature never do violence to each other, but go hand in hand, regarding the same object from different points of view.
病因学和自然哲学从来不互相冲突，而是齐头并进，从不同的角度看待同一对象。
Etiology gives an account of the causes which necessarily produce the particular phenomenon to be explained.
病因学描述了必然产生待解释的特定现象的原因。
It exhibits, as the foundation of all its explanations, the universal forces which are active in all these causes and effects.
作为其所有解释的基础，它展示了在所有这些因果关系中活跃的普遍力量。
It accurately defines, enumerates, and distinguishes these forces, and then indicates all the different effects in which each force appears, regulated by the difference of the circumstances, always in accordance with its own peculiar character, which it discloses in obedience to an invariable rule, called _a law of nature_.
它准确地定义、列举和区分这些力量，然后指出每种力量出现的所有不同效果，这些效果受到环境差异的调节，总是符合其自身的特殊性质，它遵循一个不变的规则所揭示的，称为_自然法则_。
When all this has been thoroughly accomplished by physics in every particular, it will be complete, and its work will be done.
当物理学在每一个细节上彻底完成这一切时，它就完成了，它的工作也就完成了。
There will then remain no unknown force in unorganised nature, nor any effect, which has not been proved to be the manifestation of one of these forces under definite circumstances, in accordance with a law of nature.
这样，无组织的自然中就不会存在未知的力量，也不会存在任何尚未被证明是这些力量之一在一定情况下根据自然法则表现出来的效果。
Yet a law of nature remains merely the observed rule according to which nature invariably proceeds whenever certain definite circumstances occur.
然而，自然法则仍然仅仅是观察到的规则，每当某些特定情况发生时，自然总是按照该规则进行。
Therefore a law of nature may be defined as a fact expressed generally—_un fait généralisé_—and thus a complete enumeration of all the laws of nature would only be a complete register of facts.
因此，自然法则可以被定义为普遍表达的事实——un fait généralisé——因此，对所有自然法则的完整列举只能是对事实的完整记录。
The consideration of nature as a whole is thus completed in _morphology_, which enumerates, compares, and arranges all the enduring forms of organised nature.
因此，对自然整体的思考在_形态学_中完成，它列举、比较和排列有组织的自然的所有持久形式。
Of the causes of the appearance of the individual creature it has little to say, for in all cases this is procreation (the theory of which is a separate matter), and in rare cases the _generatio æquivoca_.
对于个体生物出现的原因，它几乎没有什么可说的，因为在所有情况下，这都是繁殖（其理论是一个单独的问题），在极少数情况下，这是_generatio æquivoca_。
But to this last belongs, strictly speaking, the manner in which all the lower grades of the objectification of will, that is to say, physical and chemical phenomena, appear as individual, and it is precisely the task of etiology to point out the conditions of this appearance.
但严格来说，最后一种属于意志客体化的所有较低等级，即物理和化学现象作为个体出现的方式，而病因学的任务正是指出条件。这个外观。
Philosophy, on the other hand, concerns itself only with the universal, in nature as everywhere else.
另一方面，哲学只关心普遍性，本质上和其他地方一样。
The original forces themselves are here its object, and it recognises in them the different grades of the objectivity of will, which is the inner nature, the “in-itself” of this world; and when it regards the world apart from will, it explains it as merely the idea of the subject.
在这里，原始力量本身就是它的对象，它在它们中认识到意志客观性的不同等级，这是内在本质，是这个世界的“自在”；当它脱离意志来看待世界时，它仅仅将其解释为主体的观念。
But if etiology, instead of preparing the way for philosophy, and supplying its doctrines with practical application by means of instances, supposes that its aim is rather to deny the existence of all original forces, except perhaps _one_, the most general, for example, impenetrability, which it imagines it thoroughly understands, and consequently seeks forcibly to refer all the others to it—it forsakes its own province and can only give us error instead of truth.
但是，如果病因学不是为哲学铺平道路，也不是通过实例为其学说提供实际应用，而是假定其目的是否认所有原始力量的存在，也许除了一个最普遍的力量之外，例如，不可理解性，它自以为完全理解这一点，因此力图强行将所有其他人都引向它——它放弃了自己的领域，只能给我们错误而不是真理。
The content of nature is supplanted by its form, everything is ascribed to the circumstances which work from without, and nothing to the inner nature of the thing.
自然的内容被它的形式所取代，一切都被归因于从外部起作用的环境，而没有任何事物归因于事物的内在本质。
Now if it were possible to succeed by this method, a problem in arithmetic would ultimately, as we have already remarked, solve the riddle of the universe.
现在，如果可以通过这种方法获得成功，那么正如我们已经说过的那样，算术问题最终将解决宇宙之谜。
But this is the method adopted by those, referred to above, who think that all physiological effects ought to be reduced to form and combination, this, perhaps, to electricity, and this again to chemism, and chemism to mechanism.
但这是上面提到的那些人所采用的方法，他们认为所有的生理效应都应该简化为形式和组合，这也许是电，这又是化学，化学又是机制。
The mistake of Descartes, for example, and of all the Atomists, was of this last description.
例如，笛卡尔以及所有原子论者的错误就属于最后一种描述。
They referred the movements of the globe to the impact of a fluid, and the qualities of matter to the connection and form of the atoms, and hence they laboured to explain all the phenomena of nature as merely manifestations of impenetrability and cohesion.
他们将地球的运动比作流体的冲击，将物质的性质比作原子的连接和形式，因此他们努力将所有自然现象解释为仅仅是不可穿透性和凝聚力的表现。
Although this has been given up, precisely the same error is committed in our own day by the electrical, chemical, and mechanical physiologists, who obstinately attempt to explain the whole of life and all the functions of the organism from “form and combination.” In Meckel’s “Archiv für Physiologie” (1820, vol.
尽管这一点已经被放弃，但在我们这个时代，电学、化学和机械生理学家却犯了同样的错误，他们固执地试图从“形式和组合”来解释整个生命和有机体的所有功能。在梅克尔的“Archiv für Physiologie”（1820，卷。
v.
v.
p.
p。
185) we still find it stated that the aim of physiological explanation is the reduction of organic life to the universal forces with which physics deals.
185）我们仍然发现它指出生理学解释的目的是将有机生命还原为物理学所处理的普遍力。
Lamarck also, in his “_Philosophie Zoologique_,” explains life as merely the effect of warmth and electricity: _le calorique et la matière électrique suffisent parfaitement pour composer ensemble cette cause essentielle de la vie_ (p.
拉马克还在他的《动物哲学》中将生命解释为仅仅是温暖和电力的作用：_le calorique et la matière elelectrique suffisent parfaitement pour Composer ensemble cette Cause essentielle de la vie_ (p. 11)
16).
16）。
According to this, warmth and electricity would be the “thing-in-itself,” and the world of animals and plants its phenomenal appearance.
据此，热和电将是“自在之物”，动植物世界将是其现象的出现。
The absurdity of this opinion becomes glaringly apparent at the 306th and following pages of that work.
这种观点的荒谬性在该书的第 306 页及后续页中变得非常明显。
It is well known that all these opinions, that have been so often refuted, have reappeared quite recently with renewed confidence.
众所周知，所有这些经常被驳斥的观点最近又以新的信心重新出现。
If we carefully examine the foundation of these views, we shall find that they ultimately involve the presupposition that the organism is merely an aggregate of phenomena of physical, chemical, and mechanical forces, which have come together here by chance, and produced the organism as a freak of nature without further significance.
如果我们仔细审视这些观点的基础，我们会发现它们最终涉及这样一个前提：有机体只是物理、化学和机械力现象的集合体，这些现象偶然聚集在一起，并产生了有机体：一种没有进一步意义的自然现象。
The organism of an animal or of a human being would therefore be, if considered philosophically, not the exhibition of a special Idea, that is, not itself immediate objectivity of the will at a definite higher grade, but in it would appear only those Ideas which objectify the will in electricity, in chemism, and in mechanism.
因此，如果从哲学角度考虑，动物或人类的有机体并不是某种特殊理念的表现，也就是说，它本身并不是某种更高层次的意志的直接客观性，而在其中只会出现那些理念。它将电力、化学和机械中的意志具体化。
Thus the organism would be as fortuitously constructed by the concurrence of these forces as the forms of men and beasts in clouds and stalactites, and would therefore in itself be no more interesting than they are.
因此，有机体就像云和钟乳石中的人与兽的形状一样，是由这些力量的共同偶然构建而成的，因此，有机体本身并不比它们本身更有趣。
However, we shall see immediately how far the application of physical and chemical modes of explanation to the organism may yet, within certain limits, be allowable and useful; for I shall explain that the vital force certainly avails itself of and uses the forces of unorganised nature; yet these forces no more constitute the vital force than a hammer and anvil make a blacksmith.
然而，我们将立即看到，在一定限度内，物理和化学解释模式对有机体的应用可能在多大程度上是允许的和有用的；因为我将解释说，生命力确实利用并利用了无组织的自然力量。然而，这些力量并不构成生命力，就像锤子和铁砧无法成为铁匠一样。
Therefore even the most simple example of plant life can never be explained from these forces by any theory of capillary attraction and endosmose, much less animal life.
因此，即使是最简单的植物生命例子也永远无法用任何毛细管吸引力和内渗理论从这些力来解释，更不用说动物生命了。
The following observations will prepare the way for this somewhat difficult discussion.
以下观察将为这个有些困难的讨论做好准备。
 It follows from all that has been said that it is certainly an error on the part of natural science to seek to refer the higher grades of the objectification of will to the lower; for the failure to recognise, or the denial of, original and self-existing forces of nature is just as wrong as the groundless assumption of special forces when what occurs is merely a peculiar kind of manifestation of what is already known.
综上所述，自然科学试图将较高等级的意志客观化归于较低等级，这无疑是一个错误。因为，当所发生的事情仅仅是已知事物的一种特殊表现时，不承认或否认自然的原始和自存力量与对特殊力量的毫无根据的假设一样错误。
Thus Kant rightly says that it would be absurd to hope for a blade of grass from a Newton, that is, from one who reduced the blade of grass to the manifestations of physical and chemical forces, of which it was the chance product, and therefore a mere freak of nature, in which no special Idea appeared, _i.e._, the will did not directly reveal itself in it in a higher and specific grade, but just as in the phenomena of unorganised nature and by chance in this form.
因此，康德正确地说，希望从牛顿那里得到一片草叶是荒谬的，也就是说，从一个将草叶简化为物理和化学力的表现的人那里，它是物理和化学力的偶然产物，因此纯粹的自然怪胎，其中没有出现任何特殊的理念，也就是说，意志并没有以更高和具体的等级直接在其中显现出来，而是就像在无组织的自然现象中一样，偶然以这种形式出现。
The schoolmen, who certainly would not have allowed such a doctrine, would rightly have said that it was a complete denial of the _forma substantialis_, and a degradation of it to the _forma accidentalis_.
经院学者当然不会允许这样的学说，他们会正确地说，这是对“实质形式”的完全否定，并将其退化为“偶然形式”。
For the _forma substantialis_ of Aristotle denotes exactly what I call the grade of the objectification of will in a thing.
因为亚里士多德的“实质形式”正是指我所说的事物意志客观化的等级。
On the other hand, it is not to be overlooked that in all Ideas, that is, in all forces of unorganised, and all forms of organised nature, it is _one and the same_ will that reveals itself, that is to say, which enters the form of the idea and passes into _objectivity_.
另一方面，不可忽视的是，在所有理念中，即在所有无组织的力量和所有形式的有组织的自然中，都是同一个意志显露出自己，也就是说，意志进入想法的形式并传递到_客观性_。
Its unity must therefore be also recognisable through an inner relationship between all its phenomena.
因此，它的统一性也必须通过其所有现象之间的内在关系来认识。
Now this reveals itself in the higher grades of the objectification of will, where the whole phenomenon is more distinct, thus in the vegetable and animal kingdoms, through the universally prevailing analogy of all forms, the fundamental type which recurs in all phenomena.
现在，这在意志的客观化的更高层次中显现出来，在那里整个现象更加明显，因此在植物和动物王国中，通过所有形式的普遍流行的类比，在所有现象中重复出现的基本类型。
This has, therefore, become the guiding principle of the admirable zoological system which was originated by the French in this century, and it is most completely established in comparative anatomy as _l’unité de plan_, _l’uniformité de l’élément anatomique_.
因此，这已成为本世纪法国人创立的令人钦佩的动物学体系的指导原则，并且在比较解剖学中得到最完整的确立，即_l'unité de plan_，_l'uniformité de l'élément anatomique_。
To discover this fundamental type has been the chief concern, or at any rate the praiseworthy endeavour, of the natural philosophers of the school of Schelling, who have in this respect considerable merit, although in many cases their hunt after analogies in nature degenerated into mere conceits.
发现这种基本类型一直是谢林学派自然哲学家的主要关注点，或者至少是值得赞扬的努力，他们在这方面具有相当大的优点，尽管在许多情况下，他们对自然类比的追求退化为纯粹的类比。自负。
They have, however, rightly shown that that general relationship and family likeness exists also in the Ideas of unorganised nature; for example, between electricity and magnetism, the identity of which was afterwards established; between chemical attraction and gravitation, and so forth.
然而，他们正确地表明，这种普遍关系和家庭相似性也存在于无组织自然的观念中。例如，电和磁之间的同一性是后来确定的；化学吸引力和万有引力之间的关系，等等。
They specially called attention to the fact that _polarity_, that is, the sundering of a force into two qualitatively different and opposed activities striving after reunion, which also shows itself for the most part in space as a dispersion in opposite directions, is a fundamental type of almost all the phenomena of nature, from the magnet and the crystal to man himself.
他们特别提请注意这样一个事实，即“极性”，即一种力量分裂成两种性质不同且对立的活动，力争重新结合，这在空间中也大部分表现为相反方向的分散，是一种基本类型。几乎所有自然现象，从磁铁和水晶到人类本身。
Yet this knowledge has been current in China from the earliest times, in the doctrine of opposition of Yin and Yang.
然而，这种知识在中国自古以来就在阴阳对立的学说中流行。
Indeed, since all things in the world are the objectification of one and the same will, and therefore in their inner nature identical, it must not only be the case that there is that unmistakable analogy between them, and that in every phenomenon the trace, intimation, and plan of the higher phenomenon that lies next to it in point of development shows itself, but also because all these forms belong to the world as _idea_, it is indeed conceivable that even in the most universal forms of the idea, in that peculiar framework of the phenomenal world space and time, it may be possible to discern and establish the fundamental type, intimation, and plan of what fills the forms.
事实上，既然世界上的一切事物都是同一个意志的客观化，因此它们的内在本质是相同的，那么它们之间必然不仅存在着明确无误的类比，而且在每一种现象中都存在着痕迹，暗示和计划在发展的角度上与它相邻的更高现象显现出来，而且因为所有这些形式都属于作为_想法_的世界，所以确实可以想象，即使在最普遍的想法形式中，在那个通过现象世界空间和时间的特殊框架，我们有可能辨别和建立填充形式的基本类型、暗示和计划。
It seems to have been a dim notion of this that was the origin of the Cabala and all the mathematical philosophy of the Pythagoreans, and also of the Chinese in Y-king.
这似乎是一个模糊的概念，它是卡巴拉和所有毕达哥拉斯数学哲学的起源，也是《Y-king》中中国人的起源。
In the school of Schelling also, to which we have already referred, we find, among their efforts to bring to light the similarity among the phenomena of nature, several attempts (though rather unfortunate ones) to deduce laws of nature from the laws of pure space and time.
在我们已经提到的谢林学派中，我们也发现，在他们为揭示自然现象之间的相似性所做的努力中，有几次尝试（尽管是相当不幸的尝试）从纯粹的法则推导出自然法则。空间和时间。
However, one can never tell to what extent a man of genius will realise both endeavours.
然而，我们永远无法预测一个天才能在多大程度上实现这两项努力。
 Now, although the difference between phenomenon and thing-in-itself is never lost sight of, and therefore the identity of the will which objectifies itself in all Ideas can never (because it has different grades of its objectification) be distorted to mean identity of the particular Ideas themselves in which it appears, so that, for example, chemical or electrical attraction can never be reduced to the attraction of gravitation, although this inner analogy is known, and the former may be regarded as, so to speak, higher powers of the latter, just as little does the similarity of the construction of all animals warrant us in mixing and identifying the species and explaining the more developed as mere variations of the less developed; and although, finally, the physiological functions are never to be reduced to chemical or physical processes, yet, in justification of this procedure, within certain limits, we may accept the following observations as highly probable.
现在，尽管现象与自在之物之间的区别永远不会被忽视，因此在所有观念中将自身客观化的意志的同一性永远不能（因为它具有不同的客观化等级）被扭曲为意味着物的同一性。它出现的特定理念本身，因此，例如，化学或电吸引力永远不能简化为万有引力，尽管这种内在的类比是已知的，并且前者可以被视为，可以说，更高的力量对于后者，正如所有动物结构的相似性一样，我们也无法混合和识别物种，并将较发达的动物解释为较不发达的动物的变异。最后，虽然生理功能永远不会被还原为化学或物理过程，但是，为了证明这一过程的合理性，在一定限度内，我们可以接受以下观察结果是非常有可能的。
 If several of the phenomena of will in the lower grades of its objectification—that is, in unorganised nature—come into conflict because each of them, under the guidance of causality, seeks to possess a given portion of matter, there arises from the conflict the phenomenon of a higher Idea which prevails over all the less developed phenomena previously there, yet in such a way that it allows the essence of these to continue to exist in a subordinate manner, in that it takes up into itself from them something which is analogous to them.
如果在其客体化的较低等级中——即在无组织的性质中——的几种意志现象发生冲突，因为它们中的每一个都在因果关系的指导下，寻求拥有物质的给定部分，那么就会产生冲突一种更高理念的现象，它压倒了先前存在的所有较不发达的现象，但以这样一种方式，它允许这些现象的本质继续以从属的方式存在，因为它从这些现象中吸收了某种东西与他们类似。
This process is only intelligible from the identity of the will which manifests itself in all the Ideas, and which is always striving after higher objectification.
这个过程只能从意志的同一性来理解，意志在所有理念中表现出来，并且总是在追求更高的客观化。
We thus see, for example, in the hardening of the bones, an unmistakable analogy to crystallisation, as the force which originally had possession of the chalk, although ossification is never to be reduced to crystallisation.
因此，例如，在骨头的硬化中，我们看到了与结晶的明确类比，即最初拥有粉笔的力量，尽管骨化永远不会被简化为结晶。
The analogy shows itself in a weaker degree in the flesh becoming firm.
这个比喻以较弱的程度表现在肉身变得坚固。
The combination of humours in the animal body and secretion are also analogous to chemical combination and separation.
动物体内体液的结合和分泌也类似于化学的结合和分离。
Indeed, the laws of chemistry are still strongly operative in this case, but subordinated, very much modified, and mastered by a higher Idea; therefore mere chemical forces outside the organism will never afford us such humours; but       “Encheiresin naturæ nennt es die Chemie,     Spottet ihrer selbst und weiss nicht wie.”   The more developed Idea resulting from this victory over several lower Ideas or objectifications of will, gains an entirely new character by taking up into itself from every Idea over which it has prevailed a strengthened analogy.
事实上，化学定律在这种情况下仍然具有很强的作用，但从属于一个更高的理念，经过很大的修改和掌握。因此，仅仅靠有机体之外的化学力永远无法给我们带来这样的体液。但是“Encheiresin naturæ nennt es die Chemie，Spottet ihrer selfbst und weiss nicht wie”。战胜了几个较低的理念或意志的客观化而产生的更加发达的理念，通过从它所战胜的每一个理念中吸收了一个强化的类比，获得了一个全新的特征。
The will objectifies itself in a new, more distinct way.
意志以一种新的、更独特的方式将自己客观化。
It originally appears in _generatio æquivoca_; afterwards in assimilation to the given germ, organic moisture, plant, animal, man.
它最初出现在_generatio æquivoca_；然后同化给定的细菌、有机水分、植物、动物、人。
Thus from the strife of lower phenomena the higher arise, swallowing them all up, but yet realising in the higher grade the tendency of all the lower.
因此，从较低级现象的冲突中，较高级现象出现，将它们全部吞没，但在较高级中实现了所有较低级现象的倾向。
Here, then, already the law applies—_Serpens nisi serpentem comederit non fit draco._  I wish it had been possible for me to dispel by clearness of explanation the obscurity which clings to the subject of these thoughts; but I see very well that the reader’s own consideration of the matter must materially aid me if I am not to remain uncomprehended or misunderstood.
那么，这里的法则已经适用了——蛇是蛇，蛇是蛇。我希望我能够通过清晰的解释来消除这些思想主题的模糊之处；但我很清楚，如果我不想继续被理解或误解，读者自己对此事的考虑必须对我有实质性帮助。
According to the view I have expressed, the traces of chemical and physical modes of operation will indeed be found in the organism, but it can never be explained from them; because it is by no means a phenomenon even accidentally brought about through the united actions of such forces, but a higher Idea which has overcome these lower ideas by _subduing assimilation_; for the _one_ will which objectifies itself in all Ideas always seeks the highest possible objectification, and has therefore in this case given up the lower grades of its manifestation after a conflict, in order to appear in a higher grade, and one so much the more powerful.
根据我所表达的观点，化学和物理运作方式的痕迹确实会在有机体中找到，但永远无法从中解释；因为它绝不是这些力量的联合行动偶然产生的现象，而是一种更高的理念，它通过“抑制同化”克服了这些低级理念；因为在所有理念中客观化自身的“单一”意志总是寻求最高可能的客观化，因此在这种情况下，在冲突后放弃了其较低等级的表现，以便以更高的等级出现，而且更加是一个强大的。
No victory without conflict: since the higher Idea or objectification of will can only appear through the conquest of the lower, it endures the opposition of these lower Ideas, which, although brought into subjection, still constantly strive to obtain an independent and complete expression of their being.
没有冲突就没有胜利：由于较高的理念或意志的客观化只能通过征服较低的理念才能出现，因此它忍受了这些较低理念的反对，这些较低的理念虽然受到屈服，但仍然不断地努力获得独立和完整的表达。他们的存在。
The magnet that has attracted a piece of iron carries on a perpetual conflict with gravitation, which, as the lower objectification of will, has a prior right to the matter of the iron; and in this constant battle the magnet indeed grows stronger, for the opposition excites it, as it were, to greater effort.
吸引一块铁的磁铁与万有引力进行着永久的冲突，万有引力作为意志的低级客体化，对铁的物质拥有优先权。在这场持续不断的战斗中，磁石确实变得越来越强大，因为反对派可以说激发了它付出更大的努力。
In the same way every manifestation of the will, including that which expresses itself in the human organism, wages a constant war against the many physical and chemical forces which, as lower Ideas, have a prior right to that matter.
同样，意志的每一种表现，包括在人类有机体中表现出来的意志，都与许多物理和化学力量进行着一场持续的战争，这些力量作为较低的理念，对此事拥有优先权。
Thus the arm falls which for a while, overcoming gravity, we have held stretched out; thus the pleasing sensation of health, which proclaims the victory of the Idea of the self-conscious organism over the physical and chemical laws, which originally governed the humours of the body, is so often interrupted, and is indeed always accompanied by greater or less discomfort, which arises from the resistance of these forces, and on account of which the vegetative part of our life is constantly attended by slight pain.
因此，我们克服重力暂时伸直的手臂落下；因此，令人愉悦的健康感觉经常被打断，而且确实总是伴随着或多或少的不适感是由于这些力量的抵抗而产生的，因此我们生命中的植物人部分经常伴随着轻微的疼痛。
Thus also digestion weakens all the animal functions, because it requires the whole vital force to overcome the chemical forces of nature by assimilation.
因此，消化也削弱了动物的所有功能，因为它需要整个生命力来通过同化来克服自然的化学力。
Hence also in general the burden of physical life, the necessity of sleep, and, finally, of death; for at last these subdued forces of nature, assisted by circumstances, win back from the organism, wearied even by the constant victory, the matter it took from them, and attain to an unimpeded expression of their being.
因此，一般来说，肉体生活的负担、睡眠的必要性以及最后的死亡也是如此。因为最后，这些被抑制的自然力量，在环境的帮助下，从有机体那里夺回了它从它们那里夺走的物质，而有机体甚至因不断的胜利而感到疲倦，并获得了它们存在的不受阻碍的表达。
We may therefore say that every organism expresses the Idea of which it is the image, only after we have subtracted the part of its force which is expended in subduing the lower Ideas that strive with it for matter.
因此，我们可以说，每个有机体只有在我们减去了其用于征服与其争夺物质的较低理念的力量之后，才表达了它所代表的理念。
This seems to have been running in the mind of Jacob Böhm when he says somewhere that all the bodies of men and animals, and even all plants, are really half dead.
当雅各布·伯姆（Jacob Böhm）在某个地方说所有人类和动物的身体，甚至所有植物实际上都处于半死状态时，这似乎一直在他的脑海中萦绕。
According as the subjection in the organism of these forces of nature, which express the lower grades of the objectification of will, is more or less successful, the more or the less completely does it attain to the expression of its Idea; that is to say, the nearer it is to the _ideal_ or the further from it—the _ideal_ of beauty in its species.
根据有机体对这些自然力的服从程度，这些自然力表达了意志客体化的较低等级，其成功与否，它或多或少地完全达到了其理念的表达。也就是说，它离“理想”越近，或者离“理想”越远——其物种的美的“理想”。
 Thus everywhere in nature we see strife, conflict, and alternation of victory, and in it we shall come to recognise more distinctly that variance with itself which is essential to the will.
因此，在自然界中，我们处处都可以看到斗争、冲突和胜利的交替，并且在其中我们将更加清楚地认识到对于意志来说至关重要的与自身的差异。
Every grade of the objectification of will fights for the matter, the space, and the time of the others.
意志客观化的每一个等级都在争夺其他等级的物质、空间和时间。
The permanent matter must constantly change its form; for under the guidance of causality, mechanical, physical, chemical, and organic phenomena, eagerly striving to appear, wrest the matter from each other, for each desires to reveal its own Idea.
永恒的物质必须不断地改变它的形式；因为在因果关系的指导下，机械、物理、化学和有机现象急切地努力出现，从彼此手中夺取物质，因为每个现象都渴望揭示自己的理念。
This strife may be followed through the whole of nature; indeed nature exists only through it: ει γαρ μη ην το νεικος εν τοις πραγμασιν, ἑν αν ην ἁπαντα, ὡς φησιν Εμπεδοκλης; (nam si non inesset in rebus contentio, unum omnia essent, ut ait Empedocles.
这种冲突可能贯穿整个自然界。事实上，自然只能通过它而存在：ει γαρ μη ην το νεικος εν τοις πραγμασιν, ἑν αν ην ἁπαντα, ὡς φησιν Εμπεδοκλης； （nam si non inesset in rebus contentio, unumomnia essent, ut ait Empedocles.）
Aris.
阿里斯。
Metaph., B.
隐喻，B.
5).
5）。
Yet this strife itself is only the revelation of that variance with itself which is essential to the will.
然而，这种冲突本身只是其自身差异的显露，而这种差异对于意志来说是至关重要的。
This universal conflict becomes most distinctly visible in the animal kingdom.
这种普遍的冲突在动物王国中表现得最为明显。
For animals have the whole of the vegetable kingdom for their food, and even within the animal kingdom every beast is the prey and the food of another; that is, the matter in which its Idea expresses itself must yield itself to the expression of another Idea, for each animal can only maintain its existence by the constant destruction of some other.
因为动物以整个植物界为食物，甚至在动物界内，每一种动物都是另一种动物的猎物和食物。也就是说，表达其理念的物质必须屈服于另一个理念的表达，因为每种动物只能通过不断破坏其他动物来维持其存在。
Thus the will to live everywhere preys upon itself, and in different forms is its own nourishment, till finally the human race, because it subdues all the others, regards nature as a manufactory for its use.
因此，到处生存的意志会掠夺自己，并以不同的形式滋养自己，直到最后，人类因为征服了所有其他人，而将自然视为其利用的工厂。
Yet even the human race, as we shall see in the Fourth Book, reveals in itself with most terrible distinctness this conflict, this variance with itself of the will, and we find _homo homini lupus_.
然而，正如我们将在第四本书中看到的那样，即使是人类，也以最可怕的清晰度揭示了自身的这种冲突，这种意志与自身的差异，我们发现了“人类红斑狼疮”。
Meanwhile we can recognise this strife, this subjugation, just as well in the lower grades of the objectification of will.
与此同时，我们也可以在意志客体化的较低层次中认识到这种冲突、这种征服。
Many insects (especially ichneumon-flies) lay their eggs on the skin, and even in the body of the larvæ of other insects, whose slow destruction is the first work of the newly hatched brood.
许多昆虫（尤其是姬蝇）将卵产在皮肤上，甚至产在其他昆虫幼虫的体内，而缓慢的破坏是新孵化的幼虫的第一个工作。
The young hydra, which grows like a bud out of the old one, and afterwards separates itself from it, fights while it is still joined to the old one for the prey that offers itself, so that the one snatches it out of the mouth of the other (Trembley, Polypod., ii.
年轻的九头蛇就像从老的九头蛇身上长出的花蕾一样，然后与老的九头蛇分离，当它仍然与老的九头蛇相连时，它会为自己提供的猎物而战斗，以便猎物从老的九头蛇的嘴里把它抢走。另一个（Trembley，Polypod.，ii。
p.
p。
110, and iii.
110、三．
p.
p。
165).
165）。
But the bulldog-ant of Australia affords us the most extraordinary example of this kind; for if it is cut in two, a battle begins between the head and the tail.
但澳大利亚的牛头蚁为我们提供了此类中最非凡的例子。因为如果它被切成两半，头部和尾部之间就会开始战斗。
The head seizes the tail with its teeth, and the tail defends itself bravely by stinging the head: the battle may last for half an hour, until they die or are dragged away by other ants.
头部用牙齿咬住尾巴，尾巴则勇敢地刺伤头部来保卫自己：战斗可能会持续半个小时，直到它们死去或被其他蚂蚁拖走。
This contest takes place every time the experiment is tried.
每次尝试实验时都会发生这种竞赛。
(From a letter by Howitt in the W.
（摘自 Howitt 在《W.
Journal, reprinted in Galignani’s Messenger, 17th November 1855.) On the banks of the Missouri one sometimes sees a mighty oak the stem and branches of which are so encircled, fettered, and interlaced by a gigantic wild vine, that it withers as if choked.
杂志，重印于《加利尼亚尼信使》，1855 年 11 月 17 日。）在密苏里河岸上，人们有时会看到一棵巨大的橡树，它的茎和枝条被巨大的野藤蔓包围、束缚和交织，以至于它像窒息一样枯萎。 。
The same thing shows itself in the lowest grades; for example, when water and carbon are changed into vegetable sap, or vegetables or bread into blood by organic assimilation; and so also in every case in which animal secretion takes place, along with the restriction of chemical forces to a subordinate mode of activity.
同样的情况也出现在最低年级中。例如，当水和碳通过有机同化变成蔬菜汁液，或者蔬菜或面包变成血液时；因此，在动物分泌发生的每种情况下，以及化学力对从属活动模式的限制也是如此。
This also occurs in unorganised nature, when, for example, crystals in process of formation meet, cross, and mutually disturb each other to such an extent that they are unable to assume the pure crystalline form, so that almost every cluster of crystals is an image of such a conflict of will at this low grade of its objectification; or again, when a magnet forces its magnetism upon iron, in order to express its Idea in it; or when galvanism overcomes chemical affinity, decomposes the closest combinations, and so entirely suspends the laws of chemistry that the acid of a decomposed salt at the negative pole must pass to the positive pole without combining with the alkalies through which it goes on its way, or turning red the litmus paper that touches it.
这种情况也发生在无组织的自然界中，例如，当晶体在形成过程中相遇、交叉和相互干扰到无法呈现纯晶体形式的程度时，因此几乎每个晶体簇都是一个这种意志冲突在其客观化程度如此低的情况下的形象；或者，当一块磁铁将其磁性强加在铁上时，以便在其中表达其理念；或者当电流克服了化学亲和力，分解了最接近的组合，从而完全中止了化学定律，即负极分解盐的酸必须传递到正极，而不与它所经过的碱金属结合，或使接触它的石蕊试纸变红。
On a large scale it shows itself in the relation between the central body and the planet, for although the planet is in absolute dependence, yet it always resists, just like the chemical forces in the organism; hence arises the constant tension between centripetal and centrifugal force, which keeps the globe in motion, and is itself an example of that universal essential conflict of the manifestation of will which we are considering.
在很大程度上，它表现在中心体与行星之间的关系上，因为虽然行星是绝对依赖的，但它总是抵抗，就像有机体中的化学力一样；因此，向心力和离心力之间产生了持续的张力，使地球保持运动，它本身就是我们正在考虑的意志表现的普遍本质冲突的一个例子。
For as every body must be regarded as the manifestation of a will, and as will necessarily expresses itself as a struggle, the original condition of every world that is formed into a globe cannot be rest, but motion, a striving forward in boundless space without rest and without end.
因为每一个物体都必须被视为意志的表现，而且意志必然以斗争的形式表现出来，因此，构成地球的每个世界的原始状态不可能是静止的，而是运动的，是在无边无际的空间中不断前进的努力。休息，永无止境。
Neither the law of inertia nor that of causality is opposed to this: for as, according to the former, matter as such is alike indifferent to rest and motion, its original condition may just as well be the one as the other, therefore if we first find it in motion, we have just as little right to assume that this was preceded by a condition of rest, and to inquire into the cause of the origin of the motion, as, conversely, if we found it at rest, we would have to assume a previous motion and inquire into the cause of its suspension.
惯性定律和因果律都不与此相反：因为根据前者，物质本身与静止和运动无关，它的原始状态可能只是其中之一，因此如果我们如果我们首先发现它处于运动状态，我们就没有权利假设它之前有静止状态，并探究运动起源的原因，相反，如果我们发现它处于静止状态，我们就会必须提出先前的动议并调查其暂停的原因。
It is, therefore, not needful to seek for a first impulse for centrifugal force, for, according to the hypothesis of Kant and Laplace, it is, in the case of the planets, the residue of the original rotation of the central body, from which the planets have separated themselves as it contracted.
因此，没有必要寻找离心力的第一冲量，因为根据康德和拉普拉斯的假设，就行星而言，它是中心体原始旋转的残余物，从当它收缩时，行星已经分开了。
But to this central body itself motion is essential; it always continues its rotation, and at the same time rushes forward in endless space, or perhaps circulates round a greater central body invisible to us.
但对于这个中心体本身来说，运动是必不可少的。它总是继续旋转，同时在无尽的空间中向前冲去，或者可能围绕着一个我们看不见的更大的中心体旋转。
This view entirely agrees with the conjecture of astronomers that there is a central sun, and also with the observed advance of our whole solar system, and perhaps of the whole stellar system to which our sun belongs.
这种观点完全符合天文学家关于存在中央太阳的猜想，也完全符合我们所观察到的整个太阳系的前进，或许还有我们太阳所属的整个恒星系统的前进。
From this we are finally led to assume a general advance of fixed stars, together with the central sun, and this certainly loses all meaning in boundless space (for motion in absolute space cannot be distinguished from rest), and becomes, as is already the case from its striving and aimless flight, an expression of that nothingness, that failure of all aim, which, at the close of this book, we shall be obliged to recognise in the striving of will in all its phenomena.
由此，我们最终被引导假设恒星与中央太阳一起普遍前进，这在无限的空间中肯定失去了所有意义（因为绝对空间中的运动无法与静止区分开），并且变成了，就像已经存在的那样这是一种虚无的表现，是所有目标的失败的表现，在本书结束时，我们将不得不在所有现象中的意志奋斗中认识到这一点。
Thus boundless space and endless time must be the most universal and essential forms of the collective phenomena of will, which exist for the expression of its whole being.
因此，无限的空间和无尽的时间必然是意志集体现象最普遍和最本质的形式，它的存在是为了表达其整体存在。
Lastly, we can recognise that conflict which we are considering of all phenomena of will against each other in simple matter regarded as such; for the real characteristic of matter is correctly expressed by Kant as repulsive and attractive force; so that even crude matter has its existence only in the strife of conflicting forces.
最后，我们可以认识到，我们所考虑的冲突是在简单事物中所有意志现象相互对抗的冲突；因为物质的真正特性被康德正确地表达为排斥力和吸引力；因此，即使是原始物质也只有在相互冲突的力量的斗争中才能存在。
If we abstract from all chemical differences in matter, or go so far back in the chain of causes and effects that as yet there is no chemical difference, there remains mere matter,—the world rounded to a globe, whose life, _i.e._, objectification of will, is now constituted by the conflict between attractive and repulsive forces, the former as gravitation pressing from all sides towards the centre, the latter as impenetrability always opposing the former either as rigidity or elasticity; and this constant pressure and resistance may be regarded as the objectivity of will in its very lowest grade, and even there it expresses its character.
如果我们从物质中的所有化学差异中抽象出来，或者追溯到因果链中，到目前为止还没有化学差异，那么只剩下物质——世界被围成一个球体，其生命，即._，意志的客观化，现在是由吸引力和排斥力之间的冲突构成的，前者是从四面八方压向中心的引力，后者是不可穿透性，总是与前者相对立，无论是刚性还是弹性；这种持续不断的压力和抵抗可以被视为最低级的意志客观性，甚至在那里它也表达了它的特征。
 We should see the will express itself here in the lowest grade as blind striving, an obscure, inarticulate impulse, far from susceptible of being directly known.
我们应该看到，意志在这里以最低的等级表达为盲目的奋斗，一种模糊的、难以言喻的冲动，远不能被直接了解。
It is the simplest and the weakest mode of its objectification.
这是其客观化的最简单和最弱的模式。
But it appears as this blind and unconscious striving in the whole of unorganised nature, in all those original forces of which it is the work of physics and chemistry to discover and to study the laws, and each of which manifests itself to us in millions of phenomena which are exactly similar and regular, and show no trace of individual character, but are mere multiplicity through space and time, _i.e._, through the _principium individuationis_, as a picture is multiplied through the facets of a glass.
但它似乎是在整个无组织的自然中，在所有这些原始力量中的盲目和无意识的努力，物理和化学的工作是发现和研究这些法则，而每一个法则都以数以百万计的形式向我们显现。这些现象完全相似且有规律，没有表现出任何个性的痕迹，而仅仅是通过空间和时间的多样性，即通过个体化原理，就像一幅图片通过玻璃的各个面进行倍增一样。
 From grade to grade objectifying itself more distinctly, yet still completely without consciousness as an obscure striving force, the will acts in the vegetable kingdom also, in which the bond of its phenomena consists no longer properly of causes, but of stimuli; and, finally, also in the vegetative part of the animal phenomenon, in the production and maturing of the animal, and in sustaining its inner economy, in which the manifestation of will is still always necessarily determined by stimuli.
意志在植物王国中也发挥着作用，其现象的联系不再完全由原因组成，而是由刺激组成；从一个等级到另一个等级，它自己更加明显地客体化，但仍然完全没有意识作为一种模糊的奋斗力量。最后，在动物现象的营养部分中，在动物的生产和成熟中，以及在维持其内在经济中，意志的表现仍然总是必然由刺激决定。
The ever-ascending grades of the objectification of will bring us at last to the point at which the individual that expresses the Idea could no longer receive food for its assimilation through mere movement following upon stimuli.
意志的客观化程度不断上升，最终使我们达到这样的程度：表达理念的个体不再能够仅仅通过刺激后的运动来获得食物来同化它。
For such a stimulus must be waited for, but the food has now come to be of a more special and definite kind, and with the ever-increasing multiplicity of the individual phenomena, the crowd and confusion has become so great that they interfere with each other, and the chance of the individual that is moved merely by stimuli and must wait for its food would be too unfavourable.
因为这样的刺激必须等待，但食物现在已经变得更加特殊和明确，并且随着个体现象的不断增加的多样性，人群和混乱变得如此之大，以至于它们干扰了每一种现象。另一方面，仅仅受到刺激而移动并且必须等待食物的个体的机会就太不利了。
From the point, therefore, at which the animal has delivered itself from the egg or the womb in which it vegetated without consciousness, its food must be sought out and selected.
因此，从动物从卵子或子宫中释放出来（它在没有意识的情况下生长）开始，就必须寻找和选择它的食物。
For this purpose movement following upon motives, and therefore consciousness, becomes necessary, and consequently it appears as an agent, μηχανη, called in at this stage of the objectification of will for the conservation of the individual and the propagation of the species.
为此目的，遵循动机的运动，因此意识，变得必要，因此它表现为一个代理人，μnχανη，在意志客体化的这个阶段被召唤，以保护个体和物种的繁殖。
It appears represented by the brain or a large ganglion, just as every other effort or determination of the will which objectifies itself is represented by an organ, that is to say, manifests itself for the idea as an organ.(36) But with this means of assistance, this μηχανη, the _world as idea_ comes into existence at a stroke, with all its forms, object and subject, time, space, multiplicity, and causality.
它似乎由大脑或大神经节代表，正如客观化自身的意志的所有其他努力或决定都由器官代表一样，也就是说，将观念自身表现为器官。（36）作为辅助手段，这个μηχανη，即“作为理念的世界”，连同其所有形式、客体和主体、时间、空间、多样性和因果关系，一下子就存在了。
The world now shows its second side.
世界现在展现出它的第二面。
Till now _mere will_, it becomes also _idea_, object of the knowing subject.
到目前为止，_仅仅意志_，它也成为_想法_，认知主体的对象。
The will, which up to this point followed its tendency in the dark with unerring certainty, has at this grade kindled for itself a light as a means which became necessary for getting rid of the disadvantage which arose from the throng and the complicated nature of its manifestations, and which would have accrued precisely to the most perfect of them.
到目前为止，意志在黑暗中准确无误地追随其趋势，在这个阶段，它已经为自己点燃了一盏明灯，作为摆脱由于人群的拥挤和复杂性而产生的不利条件的必要手段。表现，而这正是他们中最完美的人所获得的。
The hitherto infallible certainty and regularity with which it worked in unorganised and merely vegetative nature, rested upon the fact that it alone was active in its original nature, as blind impulse, will, without assistance, and also without interruption, from a second and entirely different world, the world as idea, which is indeed only the image of its own inner being, but is yet of quite another nature, and now encroaches on the connected whole of its phenomena.
迄今为止，它在无组织的、植物性的性质中所发挥的绝对可靠的确定性和规律性，是建立在以下事实之上的：它独自在其原始性质中活跃，作为盲目的冲动，意志，没有帮助，也没有中断，从第二个完全的不同的世界，作为观念的世界，它确实只是其自身内在存在的形象，但又具有完全不同的性质，现在侵犯了其现象的相关整体。
Hence its infallible certainty comes to an end.
因此，它绝对可靠的确定性就结束了。
Animals are already exposed to illusion, to deception.
动物已经暴露在幻觉和欺骗之中。
They have, however, merely ideas of perception, no conceptions, no reflection, and they are therefore bound to the present; they cannot have regard for the future.
然而，他们只有感知的想法，没有概念，没有反思，因此他们局限于现在；他们无法顾及未来。
It seems as if this knowledge without reason was not in all cases sufficient for its end, and at times required, as it were, some assistance.
似乎这种无缘无故的知识在所有情况下都不足以达到其目的，有时甚至需要一些帮助。
For the very remarkable phenomenon presents itself, that the blind working of the will and the activity enlightened by knowledge encroach in a most astonishing manner upon each other’s spheres in two kinds of phenomena.
因为一个非常显着的现象出现了，即意志的盲目运作和知识启发的活动在两种现象中以最令人惊讶的方式侵犯了彼此的领域。
In the one case we find in the very midst of those actions of animals which are guided by perceptive knowledge and its motives one kind of action which is accomplished apart from these, and thus through the necessity of the blindly acting will.
在第一种情况下，我们发现，在受感知知识及其动机指导的动物行为中，有一种行为是在这些行为之外完成的，因此是通过盲目行动意志的必要性来完成的。
I refer to those mechanical instincts which are guided by no motive or knowledge, and which yet have the appearance of performing their work from abstract rational motives.
我指的是那些不受动机或知识指导的机械本能，但它们似乎是出于抽象理性动机来执行其工作。
The other case, which is opposed to this, is that in which, on the contrary, the light of knowledge penetrates into the workshop of the blindly active will, and illuminates the vegetative functions of the human organism.
与此相反的另一种情况是，知识之光相反地渗透到盲目主动意志的车间，并照亮了人类有机体的植物功能。
I mean clairvoyance.
我指的是千里眼。
Finally, when the will has attained to the highest grade of its objectification, that knowledge of the understanding given to brutes to which the senses supply the data, out of which there arises mere perception confined to what is immediately present, does not suffice.
最后，当意志达到其客体化的最高等级时，给予动物的知性知识（感官向其提供数据）是不够的，从中产生仅限于立即存在的感知。
That complicated, many-sided, imaginative being, man, with his many needs, and exposed as he is to innumerable dangers, must, in order to exist, be lighted by a double knowledge; a higher power, as it were, of perceptive knowledge must be given him, and also reason, as the faculty of framing abstract conceptions.
人这个复杂的、多面的、富有想象力的生物，有着许多的需要，并且面临着无数的危险，为了生存，必须受到双重知识的启发；可以说，必须赋予他更高的感知知识的能力，以及作为构建抽象概念的能力的理性。
With this there has appeared reflection, surveying the future and the past, and, as a consequence, deliberation, care, the power of premeditated action independent of the present, and finally, the full and distinct consciousness of one’s own deliberate volition as such.
由此，出现了反思，审视未来和过去，从而出现了深思熟虑、关心、独立于当下的有预谋的行动的力量，以及最后，一个人自己的深思熟虑的意志的充分而清晰的意识。
Now if with mere knowledge of perception there arose the possibility of illusion and deception, by which the previous infallibility of the blind striving of will was done away with, so that mechanical and other instincts, as expressions of unconscious will, had to lend their help in the midst of those that were conscious, with the entrance of reason that certainty and infallibility of the expressions of will (which at the other extreme in unorganised nature appeared as strict conformity to law) is almost entirely lost; instinct disappears altogether; deliberation, which is supposed to take the place of everything else, begets (as was shown in the First Book) irresolution and uncertainty; then error becomes possible, and in many cases obstructs the adequate objectification of the will in action.
现在，如果仅仅依靠感知知识，就会出现幻觉和欺骗的可能性，从而消除了先前盲目追求意志的绝对正确性，因此，机械和其他本能作为无意识意志的表达，必须提供帮助在那些有意识的人中间，随着理性的进入，意志表达的确定性和无误性（在无组织的自然的另一个极端表现为严格遵守法律）几乎完全消失了；本能完全消失了；深思熟虑本应取代其他一切，却导致（如第一本书中所示）优柔寡断和不确定性；那么错误就成为可能，并且在许多情况下阻碍了行动意志的充分客观化。
For although in the character the will has already taken its definite and unchangeable bent or direction, in accordance with which volition, when occasioned by the presence of a motive, invariably takes place, yet error can falsify its expressions, for it introduces illusive motives that take the place of the real ones which they resemble;(37) as, for example, when superstition forces on a man imaginary motives which impel him to a course of action directly opposed to the way in which the will would otherwise express itself in the given circumstances.
因为，虽然在性格中，意志已经采取了明确的、不可改变的倾向或方向，当动机的存在引起时，意志总是按照这种意志发生，但错误可以歪曲其表达，因为它引入了虚假的动机，取代它们相似的真实动机；（37）例如，当迷信将想象的动机强加于人时，迫使他采取与意志在现实中表达自己的方式直接相反的行动方针。给定的情况。
Agamemnon slays his daughter; a miser dispenses alms, out of pure egotism, in the hope that he will some day receive an hundred-fold; and so on.
阿伽门农杀死了他的女儿；守财奴出于纯粹的自私而施舍，希望有一天能得到一百倍的回报。等等。
 Thus knowledge generally, rational as well as merely sensuous, proceeds originally from the will itself, belongs to the inner being of the higher grades of its objectification as a mere μηχανη, a means of supporting the individual and the species, just like any organ of the body.
因此，一般来说，知识，理性的以及仅仅是感性的，最初来自于意志本身，属于其客观化的较高等级的内在存在，作为纯粹的μmχανη，一种支持个体和物种的手段，就像任何器官一样。身体。
Originally destined for the service of the will for the accomplishment of its aims, it remains almost throughout entirely subjected to its service: it is so in all brutes and in almost all men.
它最初注定要为意志服务，以实现其目标，但它几乎自始至终都完全服从于它的服务：在所有的野兽和几乎所有的人身上都是如此。
Yet we shall see in the Third Book how in certain individual men knowledge can deliver itself from this bondage, throw off its yoke, and, free from all the aims of will, exist purely for itself, simply as a clear mirror of the world, which is the source of art.
然而，我们将在第三本书中看到，在某些个人身上，知识如何能够摆脱这种束缚，摆脱它的枷锁，摆脱所有意志的目标，纯粹为自己而存在，只是作为世界的一面清晰的镜子，这就是艺术的源泉。
Finally, in the Fourth Book, we shall see how, if this kind of knowledge reacts on the will, it can bring about self-surrender, _i.e._, resignation, which is the final goal, and indeed the inmost nature of all virtue and holiness, and is deliverance from the world.
最后，在第四本书中，我们将看到，如果这种知识对意志产生反应，它如何能够带来自我投降，即听天由命，这是最终的目标，也是人的最本质的本质。一切美德和圣洁，都是从世界中解脱出来的。
 § 28.
第28节。
We have considered the great multiplicity and diversity of the phenomena in which the will objectifies itself, and we have seen their endless and implacable strife with each other.
我们已经考虑了意志客观化自身的现象的巨大多样性和多样性，我们也看到了它们之间无止尽的、不可调和的冲突。
Yet, according to the whole discussion up to this point, the will itself, as thing-in-itself, is by no means included in that multiplicity and change.
然而，根据到目前为止的整个讨论，意志本身作为自在之物，决不包括在多重性和变化之中。
The diversity of the (Platonic) Ideas, _i.e._, grades of objectification, the multitude of individuals in which each of these expresses itself, the struggle of forms for matter,—all this does not concern it, but is only the manner of its objectification, and only through this has an indirect relation to it, by virtue of which it belongs to the expression of the nature of will for the idea.
（柏拉图式）思想的多样性，即客观化的等级，其中每一个都表达自己的个体的众多，物质形式的斗争，所有这些都与它无关，而只是它的客观化方式，并且只有通过这种方式才与它有间接关系，凭借这种关系，它属于观念意志本质的表达。
As the magic-lantern shows many different pictures, which are all made visible by one and the same light, so in all the multifarious phenomena which fill the world together or throng after each other as events, only _one will_ manifests itself, of which everything is the visibility, the objectivity, and which remains unmoved in the midst of this change; it alone is thing-in-itself; all objects are manifestations, or, to speak the language of Kant, phenomena.
正如神灯展示出许多不同的图画，而这些图画都是由同一种光所显现出来的，因此，在世界上所有杂乱无章的现象中，这些现象一起或作为事件相继出现，只有“一个意志”显现出来，其中的一切是可见性，是客观性，在这种变化中不为所动；它本身就是自在之物；所有物体都是表现形式，或者用康德的语言来说，都是现象。
Although in man, as (Platonic) Idea, the will finds its clearest and fullest objectification, yet man alone could not express its being.
尽管在作为（柏拉图式）理念的人身上，意志找到了最清晰、最充分的客体化，但仅靠人无法表达其存在。
In order to manifest the full significance of the will, the Idea of man would need to appear, not alone and sundered from everything else, but accompanied by the whole series of grades, down through all the forms of animals, through the vegetable kingdom to unorganised nature.
为了体现意志的全部意义，人的理念需要出现，不是单独出现并与其他一切分开，而是伴随着整个系列的等级，向下通过动物的所有形式，通过植物王国直到无组织的性质。
All these supplement each other in the complete objectification of will; they are as much presupposed by the Idea of man as the blossoms of a tree presuppose leaves, branches, stem, and root; they form a pyramid, of which man is the apex.
所有这些在意志的完全客观化中相互补充；它们是人的理念所预设的，就像树的花朵预设了叶子、树枝、茎和根一样；它们形成了一座金字塔，而人是金字塔的顶端。
If fond of similes, one might also say that their manifestations accompany that of man as necessarily as the full daylight is accompanied by all the gradations of twilight, through which, little by little, it loses itself in darkness; or one might call them the echo of man, and say: Animal and plant are the descending fifth and third of man, the inorganic kingdom is the lower octave.
如果喜欢打比方，人们也可以说，它们的表现伴随着人类的表现，就像白天必然伴随着暮光的所有渐变一样，通过暮光，它一点一点地迷失在黑暗中。或者人们可以称它们为人类的回声，并说：动物和植物是人类的下降五度和三分之一，无机王国是较低的八度。
The full truth of this last comparison will only become clear to us when, in the following book, we attempt to fathom the deep significance of music, and see how a connected, progressive melody, made up of high, quick notes, may be regarded as in some sense expressing the life and efforts of man connected by reflection, while the unconnected complemental notes and the slow bass, which make up the harmony necessary to perfect the music, represent the rest of the animal kingdom and the whole of nature that is without knowledge.
只有在下面的书中，我们试图理解音乐的深层意义，并了解如何看待由高音、快速音符组成的相互联系、渐进的旋律时，我们才会清楚最后一个比较的全部真相。就像在某种意义上表达了通过反思联系起来的人类的生活和努力，而构成完善音乐所必需的和声的不相关的补充音符和缓慢的低音则代表了动物王国的其余部分和整个自然。没有知识。
But of this in its own place, where it will not sound so paradoxical.
但如果把这一点放在它自己的地方，听起来就不会那么自相矛盾了。
We find, however, that the _inner necessity_ of the gradation of its manifestations, which is inseparable from the adequate objectification of the will, is expressed by an _outer necessity_ in the whole of these manifestations themselves, by reason of which man has need of the beasts for his support, the beasts in their grades have need of each other as well as of plants, which in their turn require the ground, water, chemical elements and their combinations, the planet, the sun, rotation and motion round the sun, the curve of the ellipse, &c., &c.
然而，我们发现，其表现层次的“内在必然性”，与意志的充分客体化密不可分，是通过所有这些表现本身的“外在必然性”来表达的，因此，人需要野兽的支持，不同等级的野兽相互需要，也需要植物，而植物又需要土地、水、化学元素及其组合、行星、太阳、绕太阳的自转和运动，椭圆的曲线，等等。
At bottom this results from the fact that the will must live on itself, for there exists nothing beside it, and it is a hungry will.
归根结底，这是由于意志必须靠自身生存的事实，因为除它之外没有任何东西存在，而且它是一种饥饿的意志。
Hence arise eager pursuit, anxiety, and suffering.
于是就产生了急切的追求、焦虑和痛苦。
 It is only the knowledge of the unity of will as thing-in-itself, in the endless diversity and multiplicity of the phenomena, that can afford us the true explanation of that wonderful, unmistakable analogy of all the productions of nature, that family likeness on account of which we may regard them as variations on the same ungiven theme.
只有认识到意志作为自在之物的统一性，在现象的无穷无尽的多样性和多重性中，才能为我们提供对所有自然产物的奇妙、明确无误的类比的真正解释，即家庭相似性。因此，我们可以将它们视为同一未给定主题的变体。
So in like measure, through the distinct and thoroughly comprehended knowledge of that harmony, that essential connection of all the parts of the world, that necessity of their gradation which we have just been considering, we shall obtain a true and sufficient insight into the inner nature and meaning of the undeniable _teleology_ of all organised productions of nature, which, indeed, we presupposed _a priori_, when considering and investigating them.
因此，同样地，通过对和谐、世界各部分之间的本质联系以及我们刚才所考虑的其层次的必要性的清晰而透彻的理解，我们将获得对内在的真实而充分的洞察。所有有组织的自然产物的不可否认的“目的论”的性质和意义，事实上，我们在考虑和研究它们时预先假定了它们。
 This _teleology_ is of a twofold description; sometimes an _inner teleology_, that is, an agreement of all the parts of a particular organism, so ordered that the sustenance of the individual and the species results from it, and therefore presents itself as the end of that disposition or arrangement.
这种_目的论_有双重描述：有时是一种“内在目的论”，即特定有机体所有部分的一致，如此有序，个体和物种的生存由此产生，因此将其自身表现为该处置或安排的目的。
Sometimes, however, there is an _outward teleology_, a relation of unorganised to organised nature in general, or of particular parts of organised nature to each other, which makes the maintenance of the whole of organised nature, or of the particular animal species, possible, and therefore presents itself to our judgment as the means to this end.
然而，有时存在一种“外向目的论”，即无组织性与一般有组织性自然之间的关系，或者有组织性自然的特定部分彼此之间的关系，这使得维持整个有组织性自然或特定动物物种成为可能。 ，因此在我们的判断中，它是实现这一目标的手段。
 _Inner teleology_ is connected with the scheme of our work in the following way.
 _内在目的论_通过以下方式与我们的工作计划相联系。
If, in accordance with what has been said, all variations of form in nature, and all multiplicity of individuals, belong not to the will itself, but merely to its objectivity and the form of this objectivity, it necessarily follows that the will is indivisible and is present as a whole in every manifestation, although the grades of its objectification, the (Platonic) Ideas, are very different from each other.
如果按照前面所说的那样，自然界中形式的一切变化，以及个体的一切多样性，都不属于意志本身，而仅仅属于意志的客观性和这种客观性的形式，那么，就必然得出结论，意志是不可分割的。尽管其客观化的等级，即（柏拉图式）理念，彼此之间有很大不同，但它作为一个整体存在于每一种表现形式中。
We may, for the sake of simplicity, regard these different Ideas as in themselves individual and simple acts of the will, in which it expresses its nature more or less.
为了简单起见，我们可以将这些不同的理念本身视为个体和简单的意志行为，其中意志或多或少地表达了其本质。
Individuals, however, are again manifestations of the Ideas, thus of these acts, in time, space, and multiplicity.
然而，个人又是理念的体现，因此也是这些行为在时间、空间和多样性上的体现。
Now, in the lowest grades of objectivity, such an act (or an Idea) retains its unity in the manifestation; while, in order to appear in higher grades, it requires a whole series of conditions and developments in time, which only collectively express its nature completely.
现在，在最低等级的客观性中，这样的行为（或想法）在表现中保持其统一性；而要以更高的等级出现，则需要一系列的条件和时间的发展，只有这些条件和发展的集合才能完整地表达其本质。
Thus, for example the Idea that reveals itself in any general force of nature has always one single expression, although it presents itself differently according to the external relations that are present: otherwise its identity could not be proved, for this is done by abstracting the diversity that arises merely from external relations.
因此，例如，在自然的任何一般力量中揭示自身的理念总是有一种单一的表达，尽管它根据存在的外部关系以不同的方式呈现自己：否则它的同一性无法被证明，因为这是通过抽象仅仅由外部关系产生的多样性。
In the same way the crystal has only _one_ manifestation of life, crystallisation, which afterwards has its fully adequate and exhaustive expression in the rigid form, the corpse of that momentary life.
同样地，晶体只有一种生命的表现形式，即结晶，随后它以僵硬的形式，即瞬间生命的尸体，得到充分充分和详尽的表达。
The plant, however, does not express the Idea, whose phenomenon it is, at once and through a single manifestation, but in a succession of developments of its organs in time.
然而，植物并不通过一次单一的表现来表达理念，而是通过其器官随时间的一系列发展而表达理念。
The animal not only develops its organism in the same manner, in a succession of forms which are often very different (metamorphosis), but this form itself, although it is already objectivity of will at this grade, does not attain to a full expression of its Idea.
动物不仅以同样的方式发展其有机体，以一系列通常非常不同的形式（变态），而且这种形式本身，尽管在这个级别上已经是意志的客观性，但还没有达到对意志的充分表达。它的想法。
This expression must be completed through the actions of the animal, in which its empirical character, common to the whole species, manifests itself, and only then does it become the full revelation of the Idea, a revelation which presupposes the particular organism as its first condition.
这种表达必须通过动物的行动来完成，在动物的行动中，整个物种所共有的经验特征得以显现，只有这样，它才成为理念的完整启示，这种启示以特定的有机体为先决条件。健康）状况。
In the case of man, the empirical character is peculiar to every individual (indeed, as we shall see in the Fourth Book, even to the extent of supplanting entirely the character of the species, through the self-surrender of the whole will).
就人而言，经验特征是每个个体所特有的（事实上，正如我们将在第四本书中看到的那样，甚至达到通过整个意志的自我屈服而完全取代物种特征的程度）。
That which is known as the empirical character, through the necessary development in time, and the division into particular actions that is conditioned by it, is, when we abstract from this temporal form of the manifestation the _intelligible character_, according to the expression of Kant, who shows his undying merit especially in establishing this distinction and explaining the relation between freedom and necessity, _i.e._, between the will as thing-in-itself and its manifestations in time.(38) Thus the intelligible character coincides with the Idea, or, more accurately, with the original act of will which reveals itself in it.
根据康德的表述，当我们从这种表现的时间形式中抽象出“可理解的特征”时，通过时间上必要的发展以及受其制约的特定行动的划分，被称为经验特征的东西就是“可理解的特征”。 ，他显示了他不朽的功绩，特别是在建立这种区别并解释自由与必然之间的关系方面，即作为自在之物的意志与其在时间中的表现之间的关系。（38）因此，可理解的特征与理念，或者更准确地说，是在理念中揭示自身的原始意志行为。
So far then, not only the empirical character of every man, but also that of every species of animal and plant, and even of every original force of unorganised nature, is to be regarded as the manifestation of an intelligible character, that is, of a timeless, indivisible act of will.
到目前为止，不仅每个人的经验特征，而且每种动物和植物的经验特征，甚至无组织自然的每种原始力量的经验特征，都应被视为可理解特征的表现，即永恒的、不可分割的意志行为。
I should like here to draw attention in passing to the naïveté with which every plant expresses and lays open its whole character in its mere form, reveals its whole being and will.
我想在此顺便提请大家注意每种植物的天真性，每种植物都以它的纯粹形式来表达和揭示其全部特征，揭示其全部存在和意志。
This is why the physiognomy of plants is so interesting; while in order to know an animal in its Idea, it is necessary to observe the course of its action.
这就是为什么植物的外貌如此有趣。而为了了解动物的理念，就必须观察其行动过程。
As for man, he must be fully investigated and tested, for reason makes him capable of a high degree of dissimulation.
对于人来说，必须经过充分的考察和检验，因为理性使人具有高度的掩饰能力。
The beast is as much more naïve than the man as the plant is more naïve than the beast.
野兽比人天真得多，正如植物比野兽天真得多一样。
In the beast we see the will to live more naked, as it were, than in the man, in whom it is clothed with so much knowledge, and is, moreover, so veiled through the capacity for dissimulation, that it is almost only by chance, and here and there, that its true nature becomes apparent.
在野兽身上，我们看到了比人类更赤裸裸的生活意志，在人类身上，这种意志披着如此多的知识，而且，又被掩饰的能力所掩盖，以至于它几乎只能通过偶然的机会，它的真实本质会不时地显现出来。
In the plant it shows itself quite naked, but also much weaker, as mere blind striving for existence without end or aim.
在植物中，它表现得非常赤裸，但也更弱，只是盲目地追求存在，没有终点或目标。
For the plant reveals its whole being at the first glance, and with complete innocence, which does not suffer from the fact that it carries its organs of generation exposed to view on its upper surface, though in all animals they have been assigned to the most hidden part.
因为植物第一眼就显露了它的全部存在，而且完全是无辜的，它并没有因为它的上表面暴露着它的生成器官而受到损害，尽管在所有动物中，它们被分配到最重要的位置。隐藏部分。
This innocence of the plant results from its complete want of knowledge.
植物的这种天真源于它完全缺乏知识。
Guilt does not lie in willing, but in willing with knowledge.
罪孽不在于愿意，而在于有知识的愿意。
Every plant speaks to us first of all of its home, of the climate, and the nature of the ground in which it has grown.
每一种植物首先向我们讲述它的家园、气候以及它生长的土地的性质。
Therefore, even those who have had little practice easily tell whether an exotic plant belongs to the tropical or the temperate zone, and whether it grows in water, in marshes, on mountain, or on moorland.
因此，即使是那些没有多少实践经验的人也能轻易地分辨出一种外来植物是属于热带还是温带，以及它是生长在水里、沼泽地、山上还是沼泽地。
Besides this, however, every plant expresses the special will of its species, and says something that cannot be uttered in any other tongue.
然而除此之外，每种植物都表达了其物种的特殊意志，并说出了其他语言无法表达的东西。
But we must now apply what has been said to the teleological consideration of the organism, so far as it concerns its inner design.
但我们现在必须将上述内容应用于有机体的目的论考虑，就其内部设计而言。
If in unorganised nature the Idea, which is everywhere to be regarded as a single act of will, reveals itself also in a single manifestation which is always the same, and thus one may say that here the empirical character directly partakes of the unity of the intelligible, coincides, as it were, with it, so that no inner design can show itself here; if, on the contrary, all organisms express their Ideas through a series of successive developments, conditioned by a multiplicity of co-existing parts, and thus only the sum of the manifestations of the empirical character collectively constitute the expression of the intelligible character; this necessary co-existence of the parts and succession of the stages of development does not destroy the unity of the appearing Idea, the act of will which expresses itself; nay, rather this unity finds its expression in the necessary relation and connection of the parts and stages of development with each other, in accordance with the law of causality.
如果在无组织的自然中，理念（到处都被视为单一的意志行为）也以始终相同的单一表现形式揭示自己，那么我们可以说，这里的经验特征直接参与了事物的统一性。可以理解，可以说是与它重合，因此没有任何内在的设计可以在这里显现出来；相反，如果所有有机体都通过一系列连续的发展来表达它们的理念，并以多种共存部分为条件，因此只有经验特征的表现总和才能共同构成可理解特征的表达；这种各部分的必然共存和发展阶段的连续性不会破坏出现的理念的统一性，即表达自身的意志行为；不仅如此，这种统一性还体现在各部分和发展阶段之间按照因果律的必然关系和联系中。
Since it is the will which is one, indivisible, and therefore entirely in harmony with itself, that reveals itself in the whole Idea as in act, its manifestation, although broken up into a number of different parts and conditions, must yet show this unity again in the thorough agreement of all of these.
既然意志是一体的、不可分割的，因此与自身完全和谐，它在整个理念的行动中揭示了自己，所以它的表现，尽管被分解为许多不同的部分和条件，但仍然必须表现出这种统一性。再次在所有这些方面达成彻底一致。
This is effected by a necessary relation and dependence of all the parts upon each other, by means of which the unity of the Idea is re-established in the manifestation.
这是通过所有部分之间的必要关系和相互依赖来实现的，通过这种关系，理念的统一性在表现中被重新建立。
In accordance with this, we now recognise these different parts and functions of the organism as related to each other reciprocally as means and end, but the organism itself as the final end of all.
据此，我们现在认识到有机体的这些不同部分和功能作为手段和目的相互关联，但有机体本身是一切的最终目的。
Consequently, neither the breaking up of the Idea, which in itself is simple, into the multiplicity of the parts and conditions of the organism, on the one hand, nor, on the other hand, the re-establishment of its unity through the necessary connection of the parts and functions which arises from the fact that they are the cause and effect, the means and end, of each other, is peculiar and essential to the appearing will as such, to the thing-in-itself, but only to its manifestation in space, time, and causality (mere modes of the principle of sufficient reason, the form of the phenomenon).
因此，一方面，既不将本身简单的理念分解为有机体的多个部分和条件，另一方面也不通过必要的手段重建其统一性。各部分和功能之间的联系是由于它们是彼此的原因和结果、手段和目的这一事实而产生的，对于显现的意志本身来说，对于自在之物来说是独特的和本质的，但只是为了它在空间、时间和因果关系中的表现（充分理由原则的模式，现象的形式）。
They belong to the world as idea, not to the world as will; they belong to the way in which the will becomes object, _i.e._, idea at this grade of its objectivity.
他们作为观念属于世界，而不是作为意志属于世界；它们属于意志成为对象的方式，即，在其客观性的这个级别上的想法。
Every one who has grasped the meaning of this discussion—a discussion which is perhaps somewhat difficult—will now fully understand the doctrine of Kant, which follows from it, that both the design of organised and the conformity to law of unorganised nature are only introduced by our understanding, and therefore both belong only to the phenomenon, not to the thing-in-itself.
每一个理解了这一讨论的意义的人——这一讨论可能有些困难——现在都会完全理解康德的学说，由此得出的结论是，有组织的自然的设计和无组织的自然规律的符合都只是被引入根据我们的理解，因此两者都只属于现象，而不属于事物本身。
The surprise, which was referred to above, at the infallible constancy of the conformity to law of unorganised nature, is essentially the same as the surprise that is excited by design in organised nature; for in both cases what we wonder at is only the sight of the original unity of the Idea, which, for the phenomenon, has assumed the form of multiplicity and diversity.(39)  As regards the second kind of teleology, according to the division made above, the _outer_ design, which shows itself, not in the inner economy of the organisms, but in the support and assistance they receive from without, both from unorganised nature and from each other; its general explanation is to be found in the exposition we have just given.
上面提到的对无组织自然规律的绝对一致的一致性所产生的惊奇，本质上与有组织自然中的设计所激发的惊奇是一样的。因为在这两种情况下，我们所好奇的只是理念的原始统一性，而对于现象来说，理念已经呈现出多重性和多样性的形式。（39）关于第二种目的论，根据划分如上所述，外部设计并不表现在生物体的内部经济中，而是表现在它们从外部获得的支持和帮助中，既来自无组织的自然，也来自彼此；它的一般解释可以在我们刚才给出的阐述中找到。
For the whole world, with all its phenomena, is the objectivity of the one indivisible will, the Idea, which is related to all other Ideas as harmony is related to the single voice.
对于整个世界及其所有现象来说，是一个不可分割的意志的客观性，即理念，它与所有其他理念的关系就像和谐与单一声音的关系一样。
Therefore that unity of the will must show itself also in the agreement of all its manifestations.
因此，意志的统一也必须通过其所有表现的一致来表现出来。
But we can very much increase the clearness of this insight if we go somewhat more closely into the manifestations of that outer teleology and agreement of the different parts of nature with each other, an inquiry which will also throw some light on the foregoing exposition.
但是，如果我们更仔细地研究外在目的论的表现以及自然不同部分之间的一致性，我们就可以大大增加这种洞察力的清晰度，这种探究也将为前述的阐述带来一些启发。
We shall best attain this end by considering the following analogy.
我们最好通过考虑以下类比来达到这个目的。
 The character of each individual man, so far as it is thoroughly individual, and not entirely included in that of the species, may be regarded as a special Idea, corresponding to a special act of the objectification of will.
每个人的性格，只要它完全是个体的，并且不完全包含在物种的性格中，就可以被视为一种特殊的理念，对应于意志客观化的特殊行为。
This act itself would then be his intelligible character, and his empirical character would be the manifestation of it.
那么，这种行为本身就是他的可理解的性格，而他的经验性格就是它的表现。
The empirical character is entirely determined through the intelligible, which is without ground, _i.e._, as thing-in-itself is not subordinated to the principle of sufficient reason (the form of the phenomenon).
经验特征完全是由可理知性决定的，这是没有根据的，即，物自体不服从充足理由原则（现象的形式）。
The empirical character must in the course of life afford us the express image of the intelligible, and can only become what the nature of the latter demands.
经验特征必须在生命过程中为我们提供可理解事物的明确形象，并且只能成为可理解事物的本质所要求的那样。
But this property extends only to the essential, not to the unessential in the course of life to which it applies.
但这种属性只适用于其所适用的生活过程中的本质，而不适用于非本质。
To this unessential belong the detailed events and actions which are the material in which the empirical character shows itself.
详细的事件和行动属于这种非本质的部分，它们是经验特征表现出来的材料。
These are determined by outward circumstances, which present the motives upon which the character reacts according to its nature; and as they may be very different, the outward form of the manifestation of the empirical character, that is, the definite actual or historical form of the course of life, will have to accommodate itself to their influence.
这些是由外部环境决定的，外部环境呈现出性格根据其本性做出反应的动机。由于它们可能非常不同，所以经验特征表现的外在形式，即生命过程的明确的实际或历史形式，必须适应它们的影响。
Now this form may be very different, although what is essential to the manifestation, its content, remains the same.
现在，这种形式可能有很大不同，尽管表现的本质，即其内容，仍然是相同的。
Thus, for example it is immaterial whether a man plays for nuts or for crowns; but whether a man cheats or plays fairly, that is the real matter; the latter is determined by the intelligible character, the former by outward circumstances.
因此，举例来说，一个人打球是为了坚果还是为了皇冠并不重要。但一个人是否欺骗或公平行事，才是真正的问题。后者是由可理解的性格决定的，前者是由外在环境决定的。
As the same theme may be expressed in a hundred different variations, so the same character may be expressed in a hundred very different lives.
正如同一个主题可以用一百种不同的变体来表达一样，同一个角色也可以用一百种截然不同的生活来表达。
But various as the outward influence may be, the empirical character which expresses itself in the course of life must yet, whatever form it takes, accurately objectify the intelligible character, for the latter adapts its objectification to the given material of actual circumstances.
但是，尽管外在影响可能多种多样，但在生命过程中表现出来的经验特征，无论采取何种形式，都必须准确地将可理解的特征客观化，因为后者使其客观化适应实际环境的给定材料。
We have now to assume something analogous to the influence of outward circumstances upon the life that is determined in essential matters by the character, if we desire to understand how the will, in the original act of its objectification, determines the various Ideas in which it objectifies itself, that is, the different forms of natural existence of every kind, among which it distributes its objectification, and which must therefore necessarily have a relation to each other in the manifestation.
如果我们想了解意志在其客体化的原始行为中如何决定它所包含的各种理念，那么我们现在就必须假设一些类似于外在环境对生活的影响，而这种影响在本质上是由性格决定的。它把自己客观化，也就是说，它把它的客观化分布在各种自然存在的不同形式之中，因此它们在表现形式上必然存在相互关系。
We must assume that between all these manifestations of the _one_ will there existed a universal and reciprocal adaptation and accommodation of themselves to each other, by which, however, as we shall soon see more clearly, all time-determination is to be excluded, for the Idea lies outside time.
我们必须假设，在所有这些单一意志的表现之间，存在着一种普遍的、相互的适应和相互适应，然而，正如我们很快就会更清楚地看到的，通过这种适应和适应，所有的时间决定性都被排除在外，因为理念存在于时间之外。
In accordance with this, every manifestation must have adapted itself to the surroundings into which it entered, and these again must have adapted themselves to it, although it occupied a much later position in time; and we see this _consensus naturæ_ everywhere.
根据这一点，每一种表现形式都必须适应它所进入的环境，而这些环境也必须适应它，尽管它在时间上占据了更晚的位置。我们到处都能看到这种_自然共识_。
Every plant is therefore adapted to its soil and climate, every animal to its element and the prey that will be its food, and is also in some way protected, to a certain extent, against its natural enemy: the eye is adapted to the light and its refrangibility, the lungs and the blood to the air, the air-bladder of fish to water, the eye of the seal to the change of the medium in which it must see, the water-pouch in the stomach of the camel to the drought of the African deserts, the sail of the nautilus to the wind that is to drive its little bark, and so on down to the most special and astonishing outward adaptations.(40) We must abstract however here from all temporal relations, for these can only concern the manifestation of the Idea, not the Idea itself.
因此，每种植物都适应其土壤和气候，每种动物适应其元素和将成为其食物的猎物，并且在一定程度上也受到保护，以免受其天敌的侵害：眼睛适应了光线以及它的可变形性，肺和血液到空气，鱼的气囊到水，海豹的眼睛到它必须看到的介质的变化，骆驼胃中的水袋到水。非洲沙漠的干旱，鹦鹉螺迎风航行，驱使它的小树皮，等等，直到最特殊和令人惊讶的外在适应。（40）然而，我们在这里必须从所有时间关系中抽象出来，因为这些只能涉及理念的表现，而不涉及理念本身。
Accordingly this kind of explanation must also be used retrospectively, and we must not merely admit that every species accommodated itself to the given environment, but also that this environment itself, which preceded it in time, had just as much regard for the being that would some time come into it.
因此，这种解释也必须回顾性地使用，我们不仅必须承认每个物种都适应了特定的环境，而且还必须承认，在时间上先于它的环境本身也同样尊重那些将要生存的存在。一些时间来参与其中。
For it is one and the same will that objectifies itself in the whole world; it knows no time, for this form of the principle of sufficient reason does not belong to it, nor to its original objectivity, the Ideas, but only to the way in which these are known by the individuals who themselves are transitory, _i.e._, to the manifestation of the Ideas.
因为它是同一个意志，在整个世界中将自己客观化；它不知道时间，因为充分理由原则的这种形式不属于它，也不属于它最初的客观性，即理念，而只属于那些本身是短暂的个体所认识的方式，即._，思想的体现。
Thus, time has no significance for our present examination of the manner in which the objectification of the will distributes itself among the Ideas, and the Ideas whose _manifestations_ entered into the course of time earlier, according to the law of causality, to which as phenomena they are subject, have no advantage over those whose manifestation entered later; nay rather, these last are the completest objectifications of the will, to which the earlier manifestations must adapt themselves just as much as they must adapt themselves to the earlier.
因此，时间对于我们目前对意志的客体化在观念之间的分配方式以及根据因果律更早地进入时间进程的观念的考察来说没有意义，对于这些观念来说，这些观念作为现象他们是臣民，与后来表现出来的人相比没有优势；更确切地说，最后这些是意志的最完整的客观化，早期的表现必须适应它，就像它们必须适应早期的表现一样。
Thus the course of the planets, the tendency to the ellipse, the rotation of the earth, the division of land and sea, the atmosphere, light, warmth, and all such phenomena, which are in nature what bass is in harmony, adapted themselves in anticipation of the coming species of living creatures of which they were to become the supporter and sustainer.
因此，行星的运行轨迹、椭圆的倾向、地球的自转、陆地和海洋的划分、大气、光、温暖以及所有这些本质上与贝司和谐相处的现象都在自我调整。期待着即将到来的生物物种，他们将成为它们的支持者和维持者。
In the same way the ground adapted itself to the nutrition of plants, plants adapted themselves to the nutrition of animals, animals to that of other animals, and conversely they all adapted themselves to the nutrition of the ground.
同样，土地适应植物的营养，植物适应动物的营养，动物适应其他动物的营养，反之，它们都适应土地的营养。
All the parts of nature correspond to each other, for it is _one_ will that appears in them all, but the course of time is quite foreign to its original and only _adequate objectification_ (this expression will be explained in the following book), the Ideas.
自然的所有部分都是相互对应的，因为它们都是“一个”意志，但时间的进程与其最初的、唯一的“充分的客观化”是完全陌生的（这个表达将在下一本书中解释），理念。
Even now, when the species have only to sustain themselves, no longer to come into existence, we see here and there some such forethought of nature extending to the future, and abstracting as it were from the process of time, a self-adaptation of what is to what is yet to come.
即使是现在，当物种只需要维持自身，不再存在时，我们到处都能看到一些这样的自然远见延伸到未来，并从时间的过程中抽象出来，一种自我适应的能力。从现在到未来。
The bird builds the nest for the young which it does not yet know; the beaver constructs a dam the object of which is unknown to it; ants, marmots, and bees lay in provision for the winter they have never experienced; the spider and the ant-lion make snares, as if with deliberate cunning, for future unknown prey; insects deposit their eggs where the coming brood finds future nourishment.
鸟儿为它还不认识的幼鸟筑巢；海狸建造了一座水坝，但它的目的却是未知的；蚂蚁、土拨鼠和蜜蜂为它们从未经历过的冬天做好了准备。蜘蛛和蚁狮仿佛故意狡猾地为未来未知的猎物设下陷阱；昆虫将卵产在即将到来的幼虫寻找未来营养的地方。
In the spring-time the female flower of the diœcian valisneria unwinds the spirals of its stalk, by which till now it was held at the bottom of the water, and thus rises to the surface.
春天，双花苦草的雌花会展开其茎的螺旋，直到现在它仍保持在水底，从而浮出水面。
Just then the male flower, which grows on a short stalk from the bottom, breaks away, and so, at the sacrifice of its life, reaches the surface, where it swims about in search of the female.
就在那时，从底部生长在短茎上的雄花脱离了，因此，牺牲自己的生命，到达水面，在那里游动寻找雌花。
The latter is fructified, and then draws itself down again to the bottom by contracting its spirals, and there the fruit grows.(41) I must again refer here to the larva of the male stag-beetle, which makes the hole in the wood for its metamorphosis as big again as the female does, in order to have room for its future horns.
后者结出果实，然后通过收缩螺旋再次将自己拉到底部，果实在那里生长。（41）这里我必须再次提到雄性锹虫的幼虫，它在木头上打洞因为它的变态会再次变得像雌性一样大，以便为未来的角留出空间。
The instinct of animals in general gives us the best illustration of what remains of teleology in nature.
一般来说，动物的本能为我们提供了自然界中目的论残余的最好例证。
For as instinct is an action, like that which is guided by the conception of an end, and yet is entirely without this; so all construction of nature resembles that which is guided by the conception of an end, and yet is entirely without it.
因为，正如本能是一种行动一样，它受到目的观念的引导，但又完全没有目的；因此，所有自然的建构都类似于以目的概念为指导的事物，但又完全没有目的。
For in the outer as in the inner teleology of nature, what we are obliged to think as means and end is, in every case, _the manifestation of the unity of the one will so thoroughly agreeing with itself_, which has assumed multiplicity in space and time for our manner of knowing.
因为无论是在自然的外在目的论还是内在目的论中，在任何情况下，我们都必须将其视为手段和目的，“一个意志与自身完全一致的统一性的表现”，它在空间和空间上呈现出多样性。是时候改变我们的认知方式了。
 The reciprocal adaptation and self-accommodation of phenomena that springs from this unity cannot, however, annul the inner contradiction which appears in the universal conflict of nature described above, and which is essential to the will.
然而，从这种统一中产生的现象的相互适应和自我调节并不能消除上述自然的普遍冲突中出现的内在矛盾，而这对于意志来说是必不可少的。
That harmony goes only so far as to render possible the duration of the world and the different kinds of existences in it, which without it would long since have perished.
这种和谐只能使世界和其中不同种类的存在成为可能，没有它，世界早就灭亡了。
Therefore it only extends to the continuance of the species, and the general conditions of life, but not to that of the individual.
因此，它只涉及物种的延续和生命的一般条件，而不涉及个体的延续。
If, then, by reason of that harmony and accommodation, the _species_ in organised nature and the _universal forces_ in unorganised nature continue to exist beside each other, and indeed support each other reciprocally, on the other hand, the inner contradiction of the will which objectifies itself in all these ideas shows itself in the ceaseless internecine war of the _individuals_ of these species, and in the constant struggle of the _manifestations_ of these natural forces with each other, as we pointed out above.
那么，如果由于这种和谐与调和，有组织的自然中的“物种”和无组织的自然中的“普遍力量”继续并存，并且确实相互支持，那么，另一方面，意志的内在矛盾，正如我们上面指出的，所有这些观念中的客观化都表现在这些物种的“个体”之间无休止的自相残杀中，以及这些自然力量的“表现形式”彼此之间不断的斗争中。
The scene and the object of this conflict is matter, which they try to wrest from each other, and also space and time, the combination of which through the form of causality is, in fact, matter, as was explained in the First Book.(42)  § 29.
这场冲突的场景和对象是物质，它们试图从彼此手中夺取物质，还有空间和时间，它们通过因果关系的形式结合起来，实际上就是物质，正如第一本书中所解释的那样。 （42）第 29 条。
I here conclude the second principal division of my exposition, in the hope that, so far as is possible in the case of an entirely new thought, which cannot be quite free from traces of the individuality in which it originated, I have succeeded in conveying to the reader the complete certainty that this world in which we live and have our being is in its whole nature through and through _will_, and at the same time through and through _idea_: that this idea, as such, already presupposes a form, object and subject, is therefore relative; and if we ask what remains if we take away this form, and all those forms which are subordinate to it, and which express the principle of sufficient reason, the answer must be that as something _toto genere_ different from idea, this can be nothing but _will_, which is thus properly the _thing-in-itself_.
在这里，我结束了我的阐述的第二个主要部分，希望就一种全新的思想而言，它不可能完全摆脱它起源的个性的痕迹，我已经成功地传达了这一点：让读者完全确信，我们生活和存在的这个世界在其整个本质上是通过意志，同时通过观念：这个观念本身就已经预设了一种形式、对象因此，主体是相对的；如果我们问，如果我们去掉这种形式，以及所有从属于它的、表达充足理由原则的形式，还剩下什么，答案一定是，作为一种与理念不同的东西，这只能是_will_，因此它是正确的_thing-in-itself_。
Every one finds that he himself is this will, in which the real nature of the world consists, and he also finds that he is the knowing subject, whose idea the whole world is, the world which exists only in relation to his consciousness, as its necessary supporter.
每个人都发现他自己就是这个意志，世界的真实本质就在其中，他也发现他是认识的主体，整个世界就是他的观念，这个世界只存在于他的意识中，就像其必要的支持者。
Every one is thus himself in a double aspect the whole world, the microcosm; finds both sides whole and complete in himself.
因此，每个人在双重方面都是他自己，整个世界，微观世界；发现自己的两面都是完整的。
And what he thus recognises as his own real being also exhausts the being of the whole world—the macrocosm; thus the world, like man, is through and through _will_, and through and through _idea_, and nothing more than this.
而他所认识到的自己的真实存在，也穷尽了整个世界——宏观宇宙的存在；因此，世界就像人一样，是彻头彻尾的_意志_，也是彻头彻尾的_观念_，仅此而已。
So we see the philosophy of Thales, which concerned the macrocosm, unite at this point with that of Socrates, which dealt with the microcosm, for the object of both is found to be the same.
因此，我们看到泰勒斯的哲学关注宏观世界，与苏格拉底的哲学关注微观世界，在这一点上结合在一起，因为两者的对象是相同的。
But all the knowledge that has been communicated in the two first books will gain greater completeness, and consequently greater certainty, from the two following books, in which I hope that several questions that have more or less distinctly arisen in the course of our work will also be sufficiently answered.
但是，前两本书中传达的所有知识将从接下来的两本书中获得更大的完整性，从而获得更大的确定性，我希望在我们的工作过程中或多或少明显出现的几个问题能够得到解决。也得到充分解答。
 In the meantime _one_ such question may be more particularly considered, for it can only properly arise so long as one has not fully penetrated the meaning of the foregoing exposition, and may so far serve as an illustration of it.
同时，可以更具体地考虑一个这样的问题，因为只有当人们没有完全理解前述阐述的含义时，它才能正确地出现，并且到目前为止可以作为其说明。
It is this: Every will is a will towards something, has an object, an end of its willing; what then is the final end, or towards what is that will striving that is exhibited to us as the being-in-itself of the world? This question rests, like so many others, upon the confusion of the thing-in-itself with the manifestation.
就是这样：每一个意志都是对某事的意志，有一个目标，有一个意志的目的；那么最终的目的是什么，或者说，作为世界的自在存在向我们展示的意志努力是什么？与许多其他问题一样，这个问题取决于物自体与表现的混淆。
The principle of sufficient reason, of which the law of motivation is also a form, extends only to the latter, not to the former.
充分理由原则（动机法则也是其一种形式）仅适用于后者，不适用于前者。
It is only of phenomena, of individual things, that a ground can be given, never of the will itself, nor of the Idea in which it adequately objectifies itself.
只能为现象、个体事物提供基础，而不能为意志本身提供基础，也不能为意志在其中充分客观化自身的理念提供基础。
So then of every particular movement or change of any kind in nature, a cause is to be sought, that is, a condition that of necessity produced it, but never of the natural force itself which is revealed in this and innumerable similar phenomena; and it is therefore simple misunderstanding, arising from want of consideration, to ask for a cause of gravity, electricity, and so on.
因此，对于自然界中任何一种特定的运动或变化，都应该寻找一个原因，即必然产生它的条件，但绝不是在这种现象和无数类似现象中揭示的自然力本身；因此，寻求重力、电等的原因是由于缺乏考虑而产生的简单误解。
Only if one had somehow shown that gravity and electricity were not original special forces of nature, but only the manifestations of a more general force already known, would it be allowable to ask for the cause which made this force produce the phenomena of gravity or of electricity here.
只有当人们以某种方式证明重力和电力并不是自然界最初的特殊力量，而只是一种已知的更普遍的力的表现形式时，才可以追问使这种力产生重力或重力现象的原因。这里有电。
All this has been explained at length above.
所有这些都已在上面详细解释过。
In the same way every particular act of will of a knowing individual (which is itself only a manifestation of will as the thing-in-itself) has necessarily a motive without which that act would never have occurred; but just as material causes contain merely the determination that at this time, in this place, and in this matter, a manifestation of this or that natural force must take place, so the motive determines only the act of will of a knowing being, at this time, in this place, and under these circumstances, as a particular act, but by no means determines that that being wills in general or wills in this manner; this is the expression of his intelligible character, which, as will itself, the thing-in-itself, is without ground, for it lies outside the province of the principle of sufficient reason.
同样地，一个有认识的个体的每一个特定的意志行为（它本身只是作为自在之物的意志的表现）必然有一个动机，没有这个动机，该行为就永远不会发生。但是，正如物质原因仅仅包含这样的决定：在此时、此地、在这件事上，必须发生这种或那种自然力量的表现，同样，动机也只决定一个认识存在者的意志行为，在这种情况下，此时、此地、在这种情况下，作为一种特定的行为，但绝不决定该存在的普遍意志或以这种方式的意志；这是他的可理解的性格的表达，这种性格与意志本身、自在之物一样，是没有根据的，因为它不在充足理由原则的范围之内。
Therefore every man has permanent aims and motives by which he guides his conduct, and he can always give an account of his particular actions; but if he were asked why he wills at all, or why in general he wills to exist, he would have no answer, and the question would indeed seem to him meaningless; and this would be just the expression of his consciousness that he himself is nothing but will, whose willing stands by itself and requires more particular determination by motives only in its individual acts at each point of time.
因此，每个人都有永久的目标和动机来指导自己的行为，并且他总是能够对自己的具体行为做出解释。但如果有人问他为什么愿意，或者为什么一般来说他愿意存在，他将无法回答，而且这个问题对他来说确实毫无意义。这正是他的意识的表达，即他自己只不过是意志，其意志是独立存在的，并且只需要在每个时间点的个人行为中受到动机的更具体的决定。
 In fact, freedom from all aim, from all limits, belongs to the nature of the will, which is an endless striving.
事实上，摆脱一切目标、摆脱一切限制的自由属于意志的本质，这是一种永无休止的奋斗。
This was already touched on above in the reference to centrifugal force.
上面在提到离心力时已经谈到了这一点。
It also discloses itself in its simplest form in the lowest grade of the objectification of will, in gravitation, which we see constantly exerting itself, though a final goal is obviously impossible for it.
它也以最简单的形式揭示了自己，即意志客体化的最低等级，即万有引力，我们看到万有引力不断地发挥着自己的作用，尽管最终目标显然对它来说是不可能的。
For if, according to its will, all existing matter were collected in one mass, yet within this mass gravity, ever striving towards the centre, would still wage war with impenetrability as rigidity or elasticity.
因为，如果按照它的意志，所有存在的物质都聚集成一个质量，但在这个质量内，重力不断向中心努力，仍然会与刚性或弹性的不可穿透性进行战争。
The tendency of matter can therefore only be confined, never completed or appeased.
因此，物质的趋势只能受到限制，而永远无法完成或平息。
But this is precisely the case with all tendencies of all phenomena of will.
但这正是所有意志现象的所有倾向的情况。
Every attained end is also the beginning of a new course, and so on _ad infinitum_.
每一个达到的目标也是新过程的开始，如此循环下去。
The plant raises its manifestation from the seed through the stem and the leaf to the blossom and the fruit, which again is the beginning of a new seed, a new individual, that runs through the old course, and so on through endless time.
植物从种子到茎、叶，再到开花和结果，这又是新种子、新个体的开始，贯穿旧的过程，如此循环，贯穿无尽的时间。
Such also is the life of the animal; procreation is its highest point, and after attaining to it, the life of the first individual quickly or slowly sinks, while a new life ensures to nature the endurance of the species and repeats the same phenomena.
这也是动物的生活；繁殖是它的最高点，达到它后，第一个个体的生命或快或慢地下降，而新的生命则确保自然物种的耐力并重复相同的现象。
Indeed, the constant renewal of the matter of every organism is also to be regarded as merely the manifestation of this continual pressure and change, and physiologists are now ceasing to hold that it is the necessary reparation of the matter wasted in motion, for the possible wearing out of the machine can by no means be equivalent to the support it is constantly receiving through nourishment.
事实上，每个有机体物质的不断更新也只能被视为这种持续压力和变化的表现，生理学家现在不再认为这是对运动中浪费的物质的必要修复，因为可能的机器的磨损绝不等同于它不断获得的营养支持。
Eternal becoming, endless flux, characterises the revelation of the inner nature of will.
永恒的生成、无尽的变化，是意志内在本质的揭示的特征。
Finally, the same thing shows itself in human endeavours and desires, which always delude us by presenting their satisfaction as the final end of will.
最后，同样的事情也表现在人类的努力和欲望中，它们总是通过将它们的满足呈现为意志的最终目的来欺骗我们。
As soon as we attain to them they no longer appear the same, and therefore they soon grow stale, are forgotten, and though not openly disowned, are yet always thrown aside as vanished illusions.
一旦我们达到它们，它们就不再是一样的，因此它们很快就会变得陈旧，被遗忘，虽然没有公开否认，但总是作为消失的幻象被扔到一边。
We are fortunate enough if there still remains something to wish for and to strive after, that the game may be kept up of constant transition from desire to satisfaction, and from satisfaction to a new desire, the rapid course of which is called happiness, and the slow course sorrow, and does not sink into that stagnation that shows itself in fearful ennui that paralyses life, vain yearning without a definite object, deadening languor.
如果我们仍然有一些愿望和努力去追求的话，我们就足够幸运了，游戏可以不断地从欲望到满足，从满足到新的欲望的转变，这个快速的过程被称为幸福，并且缓慢的过程悲伤，并且不会陷入那种停滞，这种停滞表现为使生活瘫痪的可怕的倦怠，没有明确目标的徒劳的渴望，令人窒息的倦怠。
According to all this, when the will is enlightened by knowledge, it always knows what it wills now and here, never what it wills in general; every particular act of will has its end, the whole will has none; just as every particular phenomenon of nature is determined by a sufficient cause so far as concerns its appearance in this place at this time, but the force which manifests itself in it has no general cause, for it belongs to the thing-in-itself, to the groundless will.
根据这一切，当意志受到知识的启发时，它总是知道它此时此地的意愿，而不是一般的意愿；每一个特定的意志行为都有其目的，而整个意志却没有目的；正如自然的每一种特殊现象，就其在此时此地的出现而言，都是由充分的原因所决定的，但其中表现出来的力量却没有一般原因，因为它属于自在之物，到毫无根据的意志。
The single example of self-knowledge of the will as a whole is the idea as a whole, the whole world of perception.
意志作为一个整体的自我认识的唯一例子是作为一个整体的观念，整个感知世界。
It is the objectification, the revelation, the mirror of the will.
它是意志的客观化、启示和镜子。
What the will expresses in it will be the subject of our further consideration.(43)      THIRD BOOK.
遗嘱中表达的内容将是我们进一步考虑的主题。(43) 第三本书。
THE WORLD AS IDEA.
世界即理念。
    Second Aspect.
第二个方面。
The Idea Independent Of The Principle Of Sufficient Reason: The Platonic Idea: The Object Of Art.
独立于充足理由原则的观念：柏拉图式的观念：艺术的对象。
      Τί τὸ ὄν μὲν ἀεί, γένεσιν δὲ οὐκ ἔχον; καὶ τί τό γιγνόμενον μὲν     καὶ ἀπολλύμενον, ὄντως δε οὐδέποτε ὄν.——ΠΛΑΤΩΝ.
 Τί τὸ ὄν μὲν ἀεί, γένεσιν δὲ οὐκ ἔχον; καὶ τί τό γιγνόμενον μὲν καὶ ἀπολλύμενον, ὄντως δε οὐδέποτε ὄν.——ΠΛΤΩΝ。
  § 30.
第30节。
In the First Book the world was explained as mere _idea_, object for a subject.
在第一本书中，世界被解释为仅仅是“想法”，即主体的对象。
In the Second Book we considered it from its other side, and found that in this aspect it is _will_, which proved to be simply that which this world is besides being idea.
在第二本书中，我们从它的另一面考虑它，发现在这方面它是_意志_，这被证明只是这个世界除了观念之外的东西。
In accordance with this knowledge we called the world as idea, both as a whole and in its parts, the _objectification of will_, which therefore means the will become object, _i.e._, idea.
根据这一知识，我们将世界称为观念，无论是整体还是其部分，即“意志的客观化”，因此意味着意志成为对象，即观念。
Further, we remember that this objectification of will was found to have many definite grades, in which, with gradually increasing distinctness and completeness, the nature of will appears in the idea, that is to say, presents itself as object.
此外，我们还记得，这种意志的客观化被发现有许多确定的等级，在这些等级中，随着逐渐增加的明确性和完整性，意志的本质出现在观念中，也就是说，将自身呈现为对象。
In these grades we already recognised the Platonic Ideas, for the grades are just the determined species, or the original unchanging forms and qualities of all natural bodies, both organised and unorganised, and also the general forces which reveal themselves according to natural laws.
在这些等级中，我们已经认识到了柏拉图的理念，因为等级只是确定的物种，或者是所有自然物体（无论是有组织的还是无组织的）最初不变的形式和品质，也是根据自然法则显现出来的一般力量。
These Ideas, then, as a whole express themselves in innumerable individuals and particulars, and are related to these as archetypes to their copies.
那么，这些想法作为一个整体在无数的个体和细节中表达自己，并且作为其副本的原型与这些个体和细节相关。
The multiplicity of such individuals is only conceivable through time and space, their appearing and passing away through causality, and in all these forms we recognise merely the different modes of the principle of sufficient reason, which is the ultimate principle of all that is finite, of all individual existence, and the universal form of the idea as it appears in the knowledge of the individual as such.
这些个体的多样性只能通过时间和空间来想象，它们通过因果关系出现和消逝，而在所有这些形式中，我们仅仅认识到充足理由原则的不同模式，充分理由原则是一切有限事物的终极原则，所有个体存在的普遍形式，以及个体知识中出现的观念的普遍形式。
The Platonic Idea, on the other hand, does not come under this principle, and has therefore neither multiplicity nor change.
另一方面，柏拉图理念不属于这一原则，因此既没有多样性，也没有变化。
While the individuals in which it expresses itself are innumerable, and unceasingly come into being and pass away, it remains unchanged as one and the same, and the principle of sufficient reason has for it no meaning.
虽然它所表达的个体是无数的，并且不断地产生和消逝，但它始终如一地保持不变，充分理由原则对它来说没有任何意义。
As, however, this is the form under which all knowledge of the subject comes, so far as the subject knows as an _individual_, the Ideas lie quite outside the sphere of its knowledge.
然而，由于主体的所有知识都是在这种形式下产生的，因此就主体作为“个体”的认识而言，理念完全位于其知识范围之外。
If, therefore, the Ideas are to become objects of knowledge, this can only happen by transcending the individuality of the knowing subject.
因此，如果理念要成为知识的对象，这只能通过超越认识主体的个体性来实现。
The more exact and detailed explanation of this is what will now occupy our attention.
对此更准确和详细的解释现在将引起我们的注意。
 § 31.
第31节。
First, however, the following very essential remark.
然而，首先，以下是非常重要的评论。
I hope that in the preceding book I have succeeded in producing the conviction that what is called in the Kantian philosophy the _thing-in-itself_, and appears there as so significant, and yet so obscure and paradoxical a doctrine, and especially on account of the manner in which Kant introduced it as an inference from the caused to the cause, was considered a stumbling-stone, and, in fact, the weak side of his philosophy,—that this, I say, if it is reached by the entirely different way by which we have arrived at it, is nothing but the _will_ when the sphere of that conception is extended and defined in the way I have shown.
我希望在前一本书中我已经成功地产生了这样的信念，即康德哲学中所谓的“自在之物”，并且在那里显得如此重要，但又如此晦涩和自相矛盾，尤其是由于康德将其作为从原因到原因的推论来引入它的方式被认为是一块绊脚石，事实上，这是他的哲学的弱点，——我说，如果它完全由当这个概念的范围以我所展示的方式扩展和定义时，我们达到这一目标的不同方式只不过是_意志_。
I hope, further, that after what has been said there will be no hesitation in recognising the definite grades of the objectification of the will, which is the inner reality of the world, to be what Plato called the _eternal Ideas_ or unchangeable forms (ειδῆ); a doctrine which is regarded as the principal, but at the same time the most obscure and paradoxical dogma of his system, and has been the subject of reflection and controversy of ridicule and of reverence to so many and such differently endowed minds in the course of many centuries.
我进一步希望，在上述内容之后，人们会毫不犹豫地认识到意志客观化的明确等级，即世界的内在现实，是柏拉图所说的“永恒的理念”或不变的形式（ειδῆ ）；这一学说被认为是他的体系中的主要教条，但同时也是最晦涩和自相矛盾的教条，并且一直是反思和嘲笑争议的主题，也是许多不同天赋思想的尊敬的主题。许多世纪。
 If now the will is for us the _thing-in-itself_, and the Idea is the immediate objectivity of that will at a definite grade, we find that Kant’s thing-in-itself, and Plato’s Idea, which to him is the only οντως ον, these two great obscure paradoxes of the two greatest philosophers of the West are not indeed identical, but yet very closely related, and only distinguished by a single circumstance.
如果现在意志对我们来说是“自在之物”，而理念是该意志在一定程度上的直接客观性，那么我们就会发现康德的自在之物和柏拉图的理念，对他来说，理念是唯一的οντως ον，西方两位最伟大的哲学家的这两个巨大的、晦涩的悖论确实并不完全相同，但却非常密切相关，并且只有一个情况才能区分。
The purport of these two great paradoxes, with all inner harmony and relationship, is yet so very different on account of the remarkable diversity of the individuality of their authors, that they are the best commentary on each other, for they are like two entirely different roads that conduct us to the same goal.
这两个巨大悖论的主旨虽然具有内在的和谐和联系，但由于作者个性的显着多样性，其主旨却截然不同，因此它们是对彼此最好的评论，因为它们就像两个完全不同的悖论。引导我们实现同一目标的道路。
This is easily made clear.
这很容易说清楚。
What Kant says is in substance this:—“Time, space, and causality are not determinations of the thing-in-itself, but belong only to its phenomenal existence, for they are nothing but the forms of our knowledge.
康德所说的实质是这样的：“时间、空间和因果关系不是自在之物的决定因素，而只属于它的现象存在，因为它们只不过是我们知识的形式。
Since, however, all multiplicity, and all coming into being and passing away, are only possible through time, space, and causality, it follows that they also belong only to the phenomenon, not to the thing-in-itself.
然而，由于所有的多样性，以及所有的产生和消逝，只有通过时间、空间和因果关系才有可能，因此它们也只属于现象，而不属于自在之物。
But as our knowledge is conditioned by these forms, the whole of experience is only knowledge of the phenomenon, not of the thing-in-itself; therefore its laws cannot be made valid for the thing-in-itself.
但由于我们的知识受到这些形式的制约，所以整个经验只是对现象的认识，而不是对事物本身的认识；因此，它的法则不能对自在之物有效。
This extends even to our own _ego_, and we know it only as phenomenon, and not according to what it may be in itself.” This is the meaning and content of the doctrine of Kant in the important respect we are considering.
这甚至延伸到我们自己的_自我_，我们只是将其视为现象，而不是根据它本身。”这就是我们所考虑的康德学说的重要意义和内容。
What Plato says is this:—“The things of this world which our senses perceive have no true being; _they always become, they never are:_ they have only a relative being; they all exist merely in and through their relations to each other; their whole being may, therefore, quite as well be called a non-being.
柏拉图所说的是这样的：“我们的感官所感知到的这个世界上的事物并没有真正的存在； _他们总是成为，但他们从来不是：_他们只有一个相对的存在；它们都仅仅存在于彼此之间的关系之中并通过它们彼此之间的关系而存在；因此，他们的整个存在也可以称为非存在。
They are consequently not objects of a true knowledge (επιστημη), for such a knowledge can only be of what exists for itself, and always in the same way; they, on the contrary, are only the objects of an opinion based on sensation (δοξα μετ᾽ αισθησεως αλογου).
因此，它们不是真正知识（επιστημm）的对象，因为这样的知识只能是自身存在的东西，而且总是以同样的方式存在；因此，它们不是真正知识的对象。相反，它们只是基于感觉的观点的对象（δούα μετ᾽ αισθησεως αλογου）。
So long as we are confined to the perception of these, we are like men who sit in a dark cave, bound so fast that they cannot turn their heads, and who see nothing but the shadows of real things which pass between them and a fire burning behind them, the light of which casts the shadows on the wall opposite them; and even of themselves and of each other they see only the shadows on the wall.
只要我们仅限于对这些的感知，我们就像坐在黑暗洞穴里的人一样，被束缚得无法转动头，除了在他们和火之间经过的真实事物的影子之外什么也看不到。他们身后燃烧着，其光芒将阴影投射在他们对面的墙上；即使是他们自己和彼此，他们也只能看到墙上的影子。
Their wisdom would thus consist in predicting the order of the shadows learned from experience.
因此，他们的智慧在于预测从经验中学到的阴影的顺序。
The real archetypes, on the other hand, to which these shadows correspond, the eternal Ideas, the original forms of all things, can alone be said to have true being (οντως ον), because they _always are, but never become nor pass away_.
另一方面，这些影子所对应的真实原型、永恒的理念、万物的原始形式，只能说具有真实的存在（οντως ον），因为它们_总是存在，但从未成为或消失_ 。
To them belongs _no multiplicity_; for each of them is according to its nature only one, for it is the archetype itself, of which all particular transitory things of the same kind which are named after it are copies or shadows.
他们属于_没有多重性_；因为根据其本质，它们中的每一个都是唯一的，因为它是原型本身，所有以它命名的同类特定的短暂事物都是原型的复制品或影子。
They have also _no coming into being nor passing away_, for they are truly being, never becoming nor vanishing, like their fleeting shadows.
它们也无生无灭，因为它们是真实存在的，不生也不灭，就像它们转瞬即逝的影子一样。
(It is necessarily presupposed, however, in these two negative definitions, that time, space, and causality have no significance or validity for these Ideas, and that they do not exist in them.) Of these only can there be true knowledge, for the object of such knowledge can only be that which always and in every respect (thus in-itself) is; not that which is and again is not, according as we look at it.” This is Plato’s doctrine.
（然而，在这两个否定的定义中，必然预先假定时间、空间和因果关系对于这些理念来说没有意义或有效性，并且它们不存在于其中。）只有这些才能有真正的知识，因为这种知识的对象只能是始终且在各个方面（因而自在）存在的事物；根据我们的观察，它不是存在的，又不是。”这是柏拉图的学说。
It is clear, and requires no further proof that the inner meaning of both doctrines is entirely the same; that both explain the visible world as a manifestation, which in itself is nothing, and which only has meaning and a borrowed reality through that which expresses itself in it (in the one case the thing-in-itself, in the other the Idea).
很明显，不需要进一步的证明，这两种学说的内在含义是完全相同的；两者都将可见世界解释为一种表现形式，它本身什么都没有，只有通过在其中表达自己的东西才具有意义和借用的现实（在一种情况下是自在之物，在另一种情况下是理念） 。
To this last, which has true being, all the forms of that phenomenal existence, even the most universal and essential, are, according to both doctrines, entirely foreign.
对于具有真实存在的最后一个，根据这两种学说，现象存在的所有形式，即使是最普遍和最本质的形式，都是完全陌生的。
In order to disown these forms Kant has directly expressed them even in abstract terms, and distinctly refused time, space, and causality as mere forms of the phenomenon to the thing-in-itself.
为了否认这些形式，康德甚至用抽象术语直接表达它们，并明确拒绝将时间、空间和因果关系视为物自体现象的纯粹形式。
Plato, on the other hand, did not attain to the fullest expression, and has only distinctly refused these forms to his Ideas in that he denies of the Ideas what is only possible through these forms, multiplicity of similar things, coming into being and passing away.
另一方面，柏拉图并没有达到最充分的表达，他只是明确拒绝了他的理念的这些形式，因为他否认理念只有通过这些形式、相似事物的多样性、产生和消逝才可能实现。离开。
Though it is perhaps superfluous, I should like to illustrate this remarkable and important agreement by an example.
尽管这也许是多余的，但我想通过一个例子来说明这一非凡而重要的共识。
There stands before us, let us suppose, an animal in the full activity of life.
假设我们面前站着一只处于完整生命活动中的动物。
Plato would say, “This animal has no true existence, but merely an apparent existence, a constant becoming, a relative existence which may just as well be called non-being as being.
柏拉图会说：“这种动物没有真正的存在，而只是一种表面的存在，一种不断的变化，一种相对的存在，也可以称为不存在，也可以称为存在。
Only the Idea which expresses itself in that animal is truly ‘being,’ or the animal in-itself (αυτο το θηριον), which is dependent upon nothing, but is in and for itself (καθ᾽ ἑαυτο, αει ὡς αυτως); it has not become, it will not end, but always is in the same way (αει ον, και μηδεποτε ουτε γυγνομενον ουτε απολλυμενον).
只有在动物身上表达自己的理念才是真正的“存在”，或者动物本身（αυτο το θηριον），它不依赖于任何东西，而是存在于自身之中（καθ᾽ ἑαυτο, aei ὂς αυτος）？它没有变成，也不会结束，但总是以同样的方式（他是，并且从未被洗涤或净化）。
If now we recognise its Idea in this animal, it is all one and of no importance whether we have this animal now before us or its progenitor of a thousand years ago, whether it is here or in a distant land, whether it presents itself in this or that manner, position, or action; whether, lastly, it is this or any other individual of the same species; all this is nothing, and only concerns the phenomenon; the Idea of the animal alone has true being, and is the object of real knowledge.” So Plato; Kant would say something of this kind, “This animal is a phenomenon in time, space, and causality, which are collectively the conditions _a priori_ of the possibility of experience, lying in our faculty of knowledge, not determinations of the thing-in-itself.
如果现在我们在这种动物身上认识到它的理念，那么无论我们现在拥有这种动物还是它一千年前的祖先，无论它在这里还是在遥远的土地上，无论它在什么地方出现，这一切都无关紧要。这种或那种方式、立场或行动；最后，无论是这个个体还是同一物种的任何其他个体；这一切都不算什么，只是现象而已；只有动物的观念才具有真正的存在，并且是真正知识的对象。”所以柏拉图；康德会这样说：“这种动物是时间、空间和因果关系中的一种现象，它们共同构成了经验可能性的先验条件，存在于我们的知识能力中，而不是事物本身的决定因素。”本身。
Therefore this animal as we perceive it at this definite point of time, in this particular place, as an individual in the connection of experience (_i.e._, in the chain of causes and effects), which has come into being, and will just as necessarily pass away, is not a thing-in-itself, but a phenomenon which only exists in relation to our knowledge.
因此，我们在这个特定的时间点、这个特定的地点感知到的这种动物，作为一个个体，在经验的联系中（即，在因果链中），它已经形成，并且同样必然会消逝，它不是一个事物本身，而是一种仅存在于我们的知识中的现象。
To know it as what it may be in itself, that is to say, independent of all the determinations which lie in time, space, and causality, would demand another kind of knowledge than that which is possible for us through the senses and the understanding.”  In order to bring Kant’s mode of expression nearer the Platonic, we might say: Time, space, and causality are that arrangement of our intellect by virtue of which the _one_ being of each kind which alone really is, manifests itself to us as a multiplicity of similar beings, constantly appearing and disappearing in endless succession.
要了解它本身可能是什么，也就是说，独立于时间、空间和因果关系中的所有决定因素，需要另一种知识，而不是我们通过感官和理解所能获得的知识。 ”。为了使康德的表达方式更接近柏拉图式，我们可以说：时间、空间和因果关系是我们智力的安排，凭借这种安排，每种真正存在的唯一存在，向我们显现为多样性类似的生物，不断地出现和消失。
The apprehension of things by means of and in accordance with this arrangement is _immanent_ knowledge; that, on the other hand, which is conscious of the true state of the case, is _transcendental_ knowledge.
通过这种安排并按照这种安排对事物的理解是内在的知识。另一方面，意识到案件真实情况的知识是先验知识。
The latter is obtained _in abstracto_ through the criticism of pure reason, but in exceptional cases it may also appear intuitively.
后者是通过对纯粹理性的批判而抽象地获得的，但在特殊情况下，它也可能直观地出现。
This last is an addition of my own, which I am endeavouring in this Third Book to explain.
最后一点是我自己的补充，我将在第三本书中尽力解释这一点。
 If the doctrine of Kant had ever been properly understood and grasped, and since Kant’s time that of Plato, if men had truly and earnestly reflected on the inner meaning and content of the teaching of these two great masters, instead of involving themselves in the technicalities of the one and writing parodies of the style of the other, they could not have failed to discern long ago to what an extent these two great philosophers agree, and that the true meaning, the aim of both systems, is the same.
如果康德的学说以及自康德时代以来柏拉图的学说得到正确的理解和掌握，如果人们能够真正认真地反思这两位伟大大师的学说的内在意义和内容，而不是陷入技术性的困境中。他们很早就看出这两位伟大的哲学家在多大程度上是一致的，而且两个体系的真正含义和目标是相同的。
Not only would they have refrained from constantly comparing Plato to Leibnitz, on whom his spirit certainly did not rest, or indeed to a well-known gentleman who is still alive,(44) as if they wanted to mock the manes of the great thinker of the past; but they would have advanced much farther in general, or rather they would not have fallen so disgracefully far behind as they have in the last forty years.
他们不仅不会不断地将柏拉图与莱布尼茨进行比较（柏拉图的精神肯定不会寄托在莱布尼茨身上），或者实际上是与一位仍然活着的著名绅士进行比较，（44），就好像他们想嘲笑这位伟大思想家的鬃毛一样过去的;但总体而言，他们会进步得多，或者更确切地说，他们不会像过去四十年那样可耻地落后得那么远。
They would not have let themselves be led by the nose, to-day by one vain boaster and to-morrow by another, nor would they have opened the nineteenth century, which promised so much in Germany, with the philosophical farces that were performed over the grave of Kant (as the ancients sometimes did at the funeral obsequies of their dead), and which deservedly called forth the derision of other nations, for such things least become the earnest and strait-laced German.
他们不会让自己被一个虚荣的吹牛者牵着鼻子走，明天又被另一个吹牛者牵着鼻子走，他们也不会以哲学闹剧开启十九世纪，而这个世纪在德国有着如此多的希望。康德的坟墓（就像古人有时在死者的葬礼上所做的那样），这理所当然地引起了其他国家的嘲笑，因为这种事情最不会成为认真而拘谨的德国人的事情。
But so small is the chosen public of true philosophers, that even students who understand are but scantily brought them by the centuries—Εισι δη ναρθηκοφοροι μεν πολλοι, βακχοι δε γε παυροι (_Thyrsigeri quidem multi, Baachi vero pauci_).
但真正的哲学家所选择的公众是如此之少，以至于即使是理解的学生也很少能在几个世纪里带来他们——Thyrsigeri quidem multi，Baachi vero pauci。
Ἡ ατιμια φιλοσοφιᾳ δια ταυτα προσπεπτωκεν, ὁτι ου κατ αξιαν αυτης ἁπτονται; ου γαρ νοθους εδει ἁπτεσθαι, αλλα γνησιους (_Eam ob rem philosophia in infamiam incidit, quad non pro dignitate ipsam attingunt: neque enim a spuriis, sad a legitimis erat attrectanda_).—Plato.
不诚实的哲学已经被这些消耗掉了，那他们不受影响吗？ ou gar nothus edi aptesthai, ala gnisius（_Eam ob rem philosophia in infamiam incidit, four non pro dignitate ipsam attingunt: neque enim a spuriis, Sad a Legitimis Erat attectanda_）。——柏拉图。
 Men followed the words,—such words as “_a priori_ ideas,” “forms of perception and thought existing in consciousness independently of experience,” “fundamental conceptions of the pure understanding,” &c., &c.,—and asked whether Plato’s Ideas, which were also original conceptions, and besides this were supposed to be reminiscences of a perception before life of the truly real things, were in some way the same as Kant’s forms of perception and thought, which lie _a priori_ in our consciousness.
人们遵循诸如“先验观念”、“独立于经验而存在于意识中的知觉和思想形式”、“纯粹理解的基本概念”等词语，并询问柏拉图的观念是否，这也是原始的概念，除此之外，还被认为是对真正真实事物的生命之前的感知的回忆，在某种程度上与康德的感知和思维形式相同，它们先验地存在于我们的意识中。
On account of some slight resemblance in the expression of these two entirely different doctrines, the Kantian doctrine of the forms which limit the knowledge of the individual to the phenomenon, and the Platonic doctrine of Ideas, the knowledge of which these very forms expressly deny, these so far diametrically opposed doctrines were carefully compared, and men deliberated and disputed as to whether they were identical, found at last that they were not the same, and concluded that Plato’s doctrine of Ideas and Kant’s “Critique of Reason” had nothing in common.
由于这两种完全不同的学说的表达略有相似，康德的形式学说将个体的知识限制于现象，而柏拉图的理念学说则明确否认了这些形式的知识，人们对这些迄今为止截然相反的学说进行了仔细的比较，人们对它们是否相同进行了商议和争论，最后发现它们并不相同，并得出柏拉图的理念学说和康德的“理性批判”没有任何共同之处。 。
But enough of this.(45)  § 32.
但已经够了。(45) § 32。
It follows from our consideration of the subject, that, for us, Idea and thing-in-itself are not entirely one and the same, in spite of the inner agreement between Kant and Plato, and the identity of the aim they had before them, or the conception of the world which roused them and led them to philosophise.
从我们对这个主题的考虑中可以得出结论，对我们来说，理念和物自体并不完全是同一的，尽管康德和柏拉图之间存在内在的一致性，并且他们面前的目标是相同的，或者唤醒他们并引导他们进行哲学思考的世界观。
The Idea is for us rather the direct, and therefore adequate, objectivity of the thing-in-itself, which is, however, itself the _will_—the will as not yet objectified, not yet become idea.
对我们来说，理念更确切地说是自在之物的直接的、因此充分的客观性，然而，它本身就是_意志_——尚未客观化、尚未成为理念的意志。
For the thing-in-itself must, even according to Kant, be free from all the forms connected with knowing as such; and it is merely an error on his part (as is shown in the Appendix) that he did not count among these forms, before all others, that of being object for a subject, for it is the first and most universal form of all phenomena, _i.e._, of all idea; he should therefore have distinctly denied objective existence to his thing-in-itself, which would have saved him from a great inconsistency that was soon discovered.
因为即使按照康德的观点，自在之物也必须摆脱与认知本身相关的所有形式。这只是他的一个错误（如附录所示），他没有在所有其他形式之前将作为主体的对象的形式算作这些形式，因为它是所有现象的第一个也是最普遍的形式，_即_，所有想法；因此，他应该明确否认他的自在之物的客观存在，这将使他免于很快发现的巨大矛盾。
The Platonic Idea, on the other hand, is necessarily object, something known, an idea, and in that respect is different from the thing-in-itself, but in that respect only.
另一方面，柏拉图式的理念必然是对象、已知的东西、观念，在这方面与自在之物不同，但仅在这方面不同。
It has merely laid aside the subordinate forms of the phenomenon, all of which we include in the principle of sufficient reason, or rather it has not yet assumed them; but it has retained the first and most universal form, that of the idea in general, the form of being object for a subject.
它只是搁置了现象的从属形式，所有这些形式我们都包含在充足理由原则中，或者更确切地说，它还没有假定它们；但它保留了第一个也是最普遍的形式，即一般观念的形式，即作为主体的客体的形式。
It is the forms which are subordinate to this (whose general expression is the principle of sufficient reason) that multiply the Idea in particular transitory individuals, whose number is a matter of complete indifference to the Idea.
正是从属于这一点的形式（其一般表达是充足理由的原则）在特定的短暂个体中繁殖了理念，而个体的数量与理念完全无关。
The principle of sufficient reason is thus again the form into which the Idea enters when it appears in the knowledge of the subject as individual.
因此，充足理由原则再次成为理念在个体主体的知识中出现时所进入的形式。
The particular thing that manifests itself in accordance with the principle of sufficient reason is thus only an indirect objectification of the thing-in-itself (which is the will), for between it and the thing-in-itself stands the Idea as the only direct objectivity of the will, because it has assumed none of the special forms of knowledge as such, except that of the idea in general, _i.e._, the form of being object for a subject.
因此，根据充足理由原则表现出来的特定事物只是自在之物（即意志）的间接客观化，因为在自在之物和自在之物之间，理念是唯一的存在。意志的直接客观性，因为除了一般观念的形式，即作为主体的客体形式之外，它没有采取任何特殊的知识形式。
Therefore it alone is the most _adequate objectivity_ of the will or thing-in-itself which is possible; indeed it is the whole thing-in-itself, only under the form of the idea; and here lies the ground of the great agreement between Plato and Kant, although, in strict accuracy, that of which they speak is not the same.
因此，只有它才是可能的意志或自在之物的最“充分的客观性”。事实上，它是整个自在之物，只不过是在观念的形式下而已。这就是柏拉图和康德之间伟大一致的基础，尽管严格来说，他们所说的并不相同。
But the particular things are no really adequate objectivity of the will, for in them it is obscured by those forms whose general expression is the principle of sufficient reason, but which are conditions of the knowledge which belongs to the individual as such.
但具体事物并不是真正充分的意志客观性，因为在它们中，意志被那些形式所掩盖，这些形式的一般表达是充分理性的原则，但它们是属于个人本身的知识的条件。
If it is allowable to draw conclusions from an impossible presupposition, we would, in fact, no longer know particular things, nor events, nor change, nor multiplicity, but would comprehend only Ideas,—only the grades of the objectification of that one will, of the thing-in-itself, in pure unclouded knowledge.
如果允许从一个不可能的预设中得出结论，那么事实上，我们将不再了解特定的事物、事件、变化或多样性，而只能理解理念——只有该理念的客观化等级。 ，关于事物本身，在纯粹无云的知识中。
Consequently our world would be a _nunc stans_, if it were not that, as knowing subjects, we are also individuals, _i.e._, our perceptions come to us through the medium of a body, from the affections of which they proceed, and which is itself only concrete willing, objectivity of the will, and thus is an object among objects, and as such comes into the knowing consciousness in the only way in which an object can, through the forms of the principle of sufficient reason, and consequently already presupposes, and therefore brings in, time, and all other forms which that principle expresses.
因此，我们的世界将是一个“nunc stans”，如果不是这样的话，作为认知主体，我们也是个体，也就是说，我们的知觉通过身体的媒介来到我们身边，从身体的情感中产生，它本身只是具体的意愿，意志的客观性，因此是对象中的一个对象，并且因此以对象能够通过充足理由原则的形式进入认识意识的唯一方式，并且因此，它已经预设并因此引入了时间以及该原则所表达的所有其他形式。
Time is only the broken and piecemeal view which the individual being has of the Ideas, which are outside time, and consequently _eternal_.
时间只是个人对理念的破碎和零碎的看法，这些理念在时间之外，因此是永恒的。
Therefore Plato says time is the moving picture of eternity: αιωνος εικων κινητη ὁ χρονος.(46)  § 33.
因此，柏拉图说时间是永恒的动态图画：αιωνος εικων κινητη ὁ χρονος.(46) § 33。
Since now, as individuals, we have no other knowledge than that which is subject to the principle of sufficient reason, and this form of knowledge excludes the Ideas, it is certain that if it is possible for us to raise ourselves from the knowledge of particular things to that of the Ideas, this can only happen by an alteration taking place in the subject which is analogous and corresponds to the great change of the whole nature of the object, and by virtue of which the subject, so far as it knows an Idea, is no more individual.
既然现在，作为个人，我们除了服从充分理由原则的知识之外，没有其他知识，而且这种形式的知识排除了理念，所以可以肯定的是，如果我们有可能从特定的知识中提升自己，事物与理念的变化，这只能通过主体中发生的改变而发生，这种改变与客体的整个性质的巨大变化类似并相对应，并且凭借这种改变，主体只要知道想法，不再是个人的。
 It will be remembered from the preceding book that knowledge in general belongs to the objectification of will at its higher grades, and sensibility, nerves, and brain, just like the other parts of the organised being, are the expression of the will at this stage of its objectivity, and therefore the idea which appears through them is also in the same way bound to the service of will as a means (μηχανη) for the attainment of its now complicated (πολυτελεστερα) aims for sustaining a being of manifold requirements.
从上本书中我们应该记得，一般的知识在较高层次上属于意志的客观化，而感性、神经和大脑，就像有机体的其他部分一样，是这个阶段意志的表现。其客观性，因此通过它们出现的观念也以同样的方式绑定到意志服务，作为实现其现在复杂的（πολυτελεστερα）目标的手段（μηχανη），以维持具有多种要求的存在。
Thus originally and according to its nature, knowledge is completely subject to the will, and, like the immediate object, which, by means of the application of the law of causality, is its starting-point, all knowledge which proceeds in accordance with the principle of sufficient reason remains in a closer or more distant relation to the will.
因此，最初并根据其本质，知识完全服从于意志，并且，就像直接对象一样，通过应用因果律，将其作为其起点，所有按照意志进行的知识。充分理由原则与意志的关系要么较近，要么较疏远。
For the individual finds his body as an object among objects, to all of which it is related and connected according to the principle of sufficient reason.
因为个人发现他的身体是物体中的一个物体，根据充分理由的原则，它与所有物体都有关联和联系。
Thus all investigations of these relations and connections lead back to his body, and consequently to his will.
因此，对这些关系和联系的所有研究都会回到他的身体，从而回到他的意志。
Since it is the principle of sufficient reason which places the objects in this relation to the body, and, through it, to the will, the one endeavour of the knowledge which is subject to this principle will be to find out the relations in which objects are placed to each other through this principle, and thus to trace their innumerable connections in space, time, and causality.
既然充足理由的原则将客体置于与身体的关系中，并通过身体与意志的关系中，服从这一原则的知识的一项努力将是找出客体在其中的关系。通过这一原理将它们彼此放置在一起，从而追踪它们在空间、时间和因果关系上的无数联系。
For only through these is the object _interesting_ to the individual, _i.e._, related to the will.
因为只有通过这些，个体才对对象感兴趣，即与意志相关。
Therefore the knowledge which is subject to the will knows nothing further of objects than their relations, knows the objects only so far as they exist at this time, in this place, under these circumstances, from these causes, and with these effects—in a word, as particular things; and if all these relations were to be taken away, the objects would also have disappeared for it, because it knew nothing more about them.
因此，受意志支配的知识除了对象的关系之外，对对象一无所知，只知道对象存在于此时、此地、在这些情况下、从这些原因和这些结果中——以某种方式存在。词，作为特定的事物；如果所有这些关系都被拿走，那么这些物体也会随之消失，因为它对它们一无所知。
We must not disguise the fact that what the sciences consider in things is also in reality nothing more than this; their relations, the connections of time and space, the causes of natural changes, the resemblance of forms, the motives of actions,—thus merely relations.
我们决不能掩盖这样一个事实：科学对事物的思考实际上也不过如此。它们的关系、时间和空间的联系、自然变化的原因、形式的相似性、行为的动机——因此仅仅是关系。
What distinguishes science from ordinary knowledge is merely its systematic form, the facilitating of knowledge by the comprehension of all particulars in the universal, by means of the subordination of concepts, and the completeness of knowledge which is thereby attained.
科学与普通知识的区别仅在于它的系统形式，即通过概念的从属性来理解普遍性中的所有细节，从而促进知识的形成，并由此获得知识的完整性。
All relation has itself only a relative existence; for example, all being in time is also non-being; for time is only that by means of which opposite determinations can belong to the same thing; therefore every phenomenon which is in time again is not, for what separates its beginning from its end is only time, which is essentially a fleeting, inconstant, and relative thing, here called duration.
一切关系本身都只是相对的存在；例如，时间中的一切存在也是不存在；因为时间只是使相反的决定可以属于同一事物的手段。因此，每一个存在于时间中的现象都不再存在，因为将其开始与结束分开的只是时间，时间本质上是一种转瞬即逝的、不稳定的、相对的事物，这里称为持续时间。
But time is the most universal form of all objects of the knowledge which is subject to the will, and the prototype of its other forms.
但时间是所有受意志支配的知识对象中最普遍的形式，也是其其他形式的原型。
 Knowledge now, as a rule, remains always subordinate to the service of the will, as indeed it originated for this service, and grew, so to speak, to the will, as the head to the body.
现在，知识通常仍然始终服从于意志的服务，因为事实上它是为这种服务而产生的，可以说，它是为意志而发展的，就像头对于身体一样。
In the case of the brutes this subjection of knowledge to the will can never be abolished.
对于畜生来说，这种知识对意志的服从是永远无法消除的。
In the case of men it can be abolished only in exceptional cases, which we shall presently consider more closely.
就男性而言，只有在特殊情况下才能废除，我们现在将对此进行更仔细的考虑。
This distinction between man and brute is outwardly expressed by the difference of the relation of the head to the body.
人与畜生之间的这种区别外在表现在头部与身体关系的差异上。
In the case of the lower brutes both are deformed: in all brutes the head is directed towards the earth, where the objects of its will lie; even in the higher species the head and the body are still far more one than in the case of man, whose head seems freely set upon his body, as if only carried by and not serving it.
就低等动物而言，两者都是变形的：所有动物的头都朝向地面，那里是其意志的对象；即使在高等物种中，头部和身体仍然比人类更加合一，人类的头部似乎自由地置于身体上，仿佛只是被身体所承载，而不是为身体服务。
This human excellence is exhibited in the highest degree by the Apollo of Belvedere; the head of the god of the Muses, with eyes fixed on the far distance, stands so freely on his shoulders that it seems wholly delivered from the body, and no more subject to its cares.
美景宫的阿波罗将人类的这种卓越表现到了最高程度。缪斯女神的头，眼睛注视着远处，自由地立在肩膀上，似乎完全脱离了身体，不再受到身体的照顾。
 § 34.
第34节。
The transition which we have referred to as possible, but yet to be regarded as only exceptional, from the common knowledge of particular things to the knowledge of the Idea, takes place suddenly; for knowledge breaks free from the service of the will, by the subject ceasing to be merely individual, and thus becoming the pure will-less subject of knowledge, which no longer traces relations in accordance with the principle of sufficient reason, but rests in fixed contemplation of the object presented to it, out of its connection with all others, and rises into it.
我们所说的从特定事物的常识到理念的知识的转变是突然发生的，我们所说的这种转变是可能的，但还被认为只是例外。因为知识摆脱了对意志的服务，主体不再仅仅是个体，从而成为纯粹的无意志的知识主体，它不再按照充足理由的原则来追踪关系，而是依赖于固定的知识主体。对呈现给它的物体的沉思，脱离了它与所有其他物体的联系，并升入其中。
 A full explanation is necessary to make this clear, and the reader must suspend his surprise for a while, till he has grasped the whole thought expressed in this work, and then it will vanish of itself.
为了弄清楚这一点，需要一个完整的解释，读者必须暂时搁置他的惊讶，直到他掌握了这部作品所表达的全部思想，然后它就会自行消失。
 If, raised by the power of the mind, a man relinquishes the common way of looking at things, gives up tracing, under the guidance of the forms of the principle of sufficient reason, their relations to each other, the final goal of which is always a relation to his own will; if he thus ceases to consider the where, the when, the why, and the whither of things, and looks simply and solely at the _what_; if, further, he does not allow abstract thought, the concepts of the reason, to take possession of his consciousness, but, instead of all this, gives the whole power of his mind to perception, sinks himself entirely in this, and lets his whole consciousness be filled with the quiet contemplation of the natural object actually present, whether a landscape, a tree, a mountain, a building, or whatever it may be; inasmuch as he _loses_ himself in this object (to use a pregnant German idiom), _i.e._, forgets even his individuality, his will, and only continues to exist as the pure subject, the clear mirror of the object, so that it is as if the object alone were there, without any one to perceive it, and he can no longer separate the perceiver from the perception, but both have become one, because the whole consciousness is filled and occupied with one single sensuous picture; if thus the object has to such an extent passed out of all relation to something outside it, and the subject out of all relation to the will, then that which is so known is no longer the particular thing as such; but it is the _Idea_, the eternal form, the immediate objectivity of the will at this grade; and, therefore, he who is sunk in this perception is no longer individual, for in such perception the individual has lost himself; but he is _pure_, will-less, painless, timeless _subject of knowledge_.
如果一个人在心灵的力量的提升下，放弃了看待事物的普遍方式，放弃了在充足理由原则的指导下追寻事物之间的相互关系，其最终目标就是总是与他自己的意志有关；如果他因此不再考虑事物的地点、时间、原因和去向，而只是单纯地关注“什么”；进一步说，如果他不让抽象思维、理性概念占据他的意识，而是将他心灵的全部力量交给感知，将自己完全沉浸其中，让他整个意识充满对实际存在的自然物体的安静沉思，无论是风景、树、山、建筑物还是其他任何东西；因为他在这个客体中迷失了自己（用一个意味深长的德国习语），也就是说，甚至忘记了他的个性、他的意志，而只是继续作为纯粹的主体、客体的清晰镜子而存在，因此就好像物体单独在那里，没有任何人来感知它，他不再能够将感知者与感知分开，但两者已经合而为一，因为整个意识被一个单一的感性图景所充满和占据。因此，如果客体已经在一定程度上脱离了与它之外的事物的所有关系，而主体也已经脱离了与意志的所有关系，那么如此已知的事物就不再是特定的事物了。但这是_理念_，永恒的形式，是这个年级意志的直接客观性；因此，陷入这种知觉的人不再是个人，因为在这种知觉中，个人已经迷失了自己。但他是_纯粹_、无意志、无痛苦、永恒的_知识主体_。
This, which in itself is so remarkable (which I well know confirms the saying that originated with Thomas Paine, _Du sublime au ridicule il n’y a qu’un pas_), will by degrees become clearer and less surprising from what follows.
这本身就非常引人注目（我很清楚这证实了托马斯·潘恩提出的一句话，“Du sublime au rhicule il n'y a qu'un pas_”），从接下来的内容中将逐渐变得更加清晰和不那么令人惊讶。
It was this that was running in Spinoza’s mind when he wrote: _Meus æterna est, quatenus res sub æternitatis specie __ concipit_ (Eth.
当斯宾诺莎写道：_Meus æterna est, quatenus res sub æternitatis specie __ concipit_ (Eth.
V.
五、
pr.
公关。
31, Schol.)(47) In such contemplation the particular thing becomes at once the _Idea_ of its species, and the perceiving individual becomes _pure subject of knowledge_.
31，Schol.）（47）在这样的沉思中，特定的事物立即成为其物种的“理念”，而感知的个体则成为“知识的纯粹主体”。
The individual, as such, knows only particular things; the pure subject of knowledge knows only Ideas.
就其本身而言，个人只知道特定的事情；纯粹的知识主体只知道理念。
For the individual is the subject of knowledge in its relation to a definite particular manifestation of will, and in subjection to this.
因为个体是知识的主体，因为它与意志的明确的特定表现有关，并服从于它。
This particular manifestation of will is, as such, subordinated to the principle of sufficient reason in all its forms; therefore, all knowledge which relates itself to it also follows the principle of sufficient reason, and no other kind of knowledge is fitted to be of use to the will but this, which always consists merely of relations to the object.
就其本身而言，这种特殊的意志表现服从于一切形式的充足理由原则。因此，所有与之相关的知识也都遵循充足理由的原则，除了这种总是仅仅由与客体的关系组成的知识之外，没有其他种类的知识适合对意志有用。
The knowing individual as such, and the particular things known by him, are always in some place, at some time, and are links in the chain of causes and effects.
认识的个体本身以及他所认识的特定事物总是在某个地方、某个时间，并且是因果链中的一环。
The pure subject of knowledge and his correlative, the Idea, have passed out of all these forms of the principle of sufficient reason: time, place, the individual that knows, and the individual that is known, have for them no meaning.
知识的纯粹主体及其相关物理念，已经脱离了充足理由原则的所有这些形式：时间、地点、知道的个体和被知道的个体对它们来说没有任何意义。
When an individual knower has raised himself in the manner described to be pure subject of knowledge, and at the same time has raised the observed object to the Platonic Idea, the _world as idea_ appears complete and pure, and the full objectification of the will takes place, for the Platonic Idea alone is its _adequate objectivity_.
当个体认识者以所描述的纯粹知识主体的方式将自己提升为纯粹知识主体，同时将所观察的对象提升为柏拉图理念时，“作为理念的世界”就显得完整而纯粹，而意志的完全客观化则需要地方，因为柏拉图理念本身就具有_足够的客观性_。
The Idea includes object and subject in like manner in itself, for they are its one form; but in it they are absolutely of equal importance; for as the object is here, as elsewhere, simply the idea of the subject, the subject, which passes entirely into the perceived object has thus become this object itself, for the whole consciousness is nothing but its perfectly distinct picture.
理念本身以同样的方式包括客体和主体，因为它们是理念的一种形式。但在其中它们绝对同等重要；因为正如客体在这里一样，正如在其他地方一样，只是主体的观念，主体完全进入被感知的客体，因此就变成了这个客体本身，因为整个意识只不过是它完全独特的图景。
Now this consciousness constitutes the whole _world as idea_, for one imagines the whole of the Platonic Ideas, or grades of the objectivity of will, in their series passing through it.
现在，这种意识将整个世界构成为理念，因为人们可以想象整个柏拉图理念，或者意志的客观性的等级，在它们的系列中穿过它。
The particular things of all time and space are nothing but Ideas multiplied through the principle of sufficient reason (the form of the knowledge of the individual as such), and thus obscured as regards their pure objectivity.
所有时间和空间中的特殊事物只不过是通过充足理由原则（个体知识本身的形式）倍增的理念，因此模糊了它们的纯粹客观性。
When the Platonic Idea appears, in it subject and object are no longer to be distinguished, for the Platonic Idea, the adequate objectivity of will, the true world as idea, arises only when the subject and object reciprocally fill and penetrate each other completely; and in the same way the knowing and the known individuals, as things in themselves, are not to be distinguished.
当柏拉图理念出现时，其中主体和客体就不再区分，对于柏拉图理念来说，只有当主体和客体完全相互填充和渗透时，意志的充分客观性，作为理念的真实世界才出现；同样地，认识的个体和已知的个体，作为事物本身，是不可区分的。
For if we look entirely away from the true _world as idea_, there remains nothing but the _world as will_.
因为如果我们完全远离真正的“作为观念的世界”，那么除了“作为意志的世界”之外什么都没有。
The will is the “in-itself” of the Platonic Idea, which fully objectifies it; it is also the “in-itself” of the particular thing and of the individual that knows it, which objectify it incompletely.
意志是柏拉图理念的“自在”，它完全客观化了它；它也是特定事物和了解它的个人的“自在”，它不完全地将其客观化。
As will, outside the idea and all its forms, it is one and the same in the object contemplated and in the individual, who soars aloft in this contemplation, and becomes conscious of himself as pure subject.
作为意志，在观念及其所有形式之外，它在所沉思的客体中和在个体中是同一的，在这种沉思中高高翱翔，并意识到自己是纯粹的主体。
These two are, therefore, in themselves not different, for in themselves they are will, which here knows itself; and multiplicity and difference exist only as the way in which this knowledge comes to the will, _i.e._, only in the phenomenon, on account of its form, the principle of sufficient reason.
因此，这两者本身并没有什么不同，因为它们本身就是意志，在这里意志是认识自己的。多样性和差异仅作为这种知识达到意志的方式而存在，也就是说，仅存在于现象中，由于其形式，充分理由的原则。
 Now the known thing, without me as the subject of knowledge, is just as little an object, and not mere will, blind effort, as without the object, without the idea, I am a knowing subject and not mere blind will.
现在，已知的事物，如果没有我作为知识的主体，就只是一个客体，而不仅仅是意志，盲目的努力，就像没有客体，没有观念，我是一个认识的主体，而不仅仅是盲目的意志一样。
This will is in itself, _i.e._, outside the idea, one and the same with mine: only in the world as idea, whose form is always at least that of subject and object, we are separated as the known and the knowing individual.
这种意志就其本身而言，即在观念之外，与我的意志是一体的：只有在作为观念的世界中，其形式总是至少是主体和客体的形式，我们才被分离为已知的和被认识的。认识个人。
As soon as knowledge, the world as idea, is abolished, there remains nothing but mere will, blind effort.
一旦知识、作为观念的世界被废除，只剩下纯粹的意志和盲目的努力。
That it should receive objectivity, become idea, supposes at once both subject and object; but that this should be pure, complete, and adequate objectivity of the will, supposes the object as Platonic Idea, free from the forms of the principle of sufficient reason, and the subject as the pure subject of knowledge, free from individuality and subjection to the will.
它应该接受客观性，成为观念，同时假定了主体和客体；但这应该是意志的纯粹、完整和充分的客观性，假设客体是柏拉图式的理念，不受充足理由原则的形式的影响，而主体是纯粹的知识主体，不受个体性和服从性的影响。意志。
 Whoever now, has, after the manner referred to, become so absorbed and lost in the perception of nature that he only continues to exist as the pure knowing subject, becomes in this way directly conscious that, as such, he is the condition, that is, the supporter, of the world and all objective existence; for this now shows itself as dependent upon his existence.
现在，无论谁，按照所提到的方式，变得如此专注和迷失在对自然的感知中，以至于他只作为纯粹的认识主体继续存在，他就会以这种方式直接意识到，就其本身而言，他是条件，是世界和一切客观存在的支持者；因为现在这表明它依赖于他的存在。
Thus he draws nature into himself, so that he sees it to be merely an accident of his own being.
因此，他将自然吸引到自己身上，因此他认为这只是他自己存在的一个偶然。
In this sense Byron says—       “Are not the mountains, waves, and skies, a part       Of me and of my soul, as I of them?”   But how shall he who feels this, regard himself as absolutely transitory, in contrast to imperishable nature? Such a man will rather be filled with the consciousness, which the Upanishad of the Veda expresses: _Hæ omnes creaturæ in totum ego sum, et præter me aliud ens non est_ (Oupnek’hat, i.
在这个意义上，拜伦说：“难道山、海浪和天空不是我和我灵魂的一部分，就像我是它们的一部分一样吗？”但是，与不朽的自然相比，有这种感觉的人怎么会认为自己是绝对短暂的呢？这样的人宁愿充满吠陀奥义书所表达的意识：_Hæ omnes creaturæ in totum ego sum, et præter me aliud ens non est_ (Oupnek'hat, i.
122).(48)  § 35.
122).(48)第35条。
In order to gain a deeper insight into the nature of the world, it is absolutely necessary that we should learn to distinguish the will as thing-in-itself from its adequate objectivity, and also the different grades in which this appears more and more distinctly and fully, _i.e._, the Ideas themselves, from the merely phenomenal existence of these Ideas in the forms of the principle of sufficient reason, the restricted method of knowledge of the individual.
为了更深入地洞察世界的本质，我们绝对有必要学会区分作为物自体的意志与其充分的客观性，以及它表现得越来越明显的不同等级。以及完全的，即理念本身，来自这些理念以充足理由原则的形式的纯粹现象性存在，即个人有限的知识方法。
We shall then agree with Plato when he attributes actual being only to the Ideas, and allows only an illusive, dream-like existence to things in space and time, the real world for the individual.
那么，我们就会同意柏拉图的观点，他将现实存在仅归因于理念，并且仅允许空间和时间中的事物存在于虚幻的、梦幻般的存在，即个人的真实世界。
Then we shall understand how one and the same Idea reveals itself in so many phenomena, and presents its nature only bit by bit to the individual, one side after another.
然后我们就会明白同一个理念如何在如此多的现象中显现出来，并一点一点地、一面又一面地向个体呈现其本质。
Then we shall also distinguish the Idea itself from the way in which its manifestation appears in the observation of the individual, and recognise the former as essential and the latter as unessential.
然后，我们还将理念本身与其在个体观察中表现出来的方式区分开来，并认识到前者是本质的，而后者是非本质的。
Let us consider this with the help of examples taken from the most insignificant things, and also from the greatest.
让我们借助从最微不足道的事情以及最伟大的事情中获取的例子来考虑这一点。
When the clouds move, the figures which they form are not essential, but indifferent to them; but that as elastic vapour they are pressed together, drifted along, spread out, or torn asunder by the force of the wind: this is their nature, the essence of the forces which objectify themselves in them, the Idea; their actual forms are only for the individual observer.
当云朵移动时，它们所形成的图形并不重要，但对它们来说却是无关紧要的。但作为弹性蒸气，它们被风的力量压在一起、飘移、散开或撕裂：这是它们的本质，是在它们中客观化自身的力量的本质，即理念；它们的实际形式仅适用于个别观察者。
To the brook that flows over stones, the eddies, the waves, the foam-flakes which it forms are indifferent and unessential; but that it follows the attraction of gravity, and behaves as inelastic, perfectly mobile, formless, transparent fluid: this is its nature; this, _if known through perception_, is its Idea; these accidental forms are only for us so long as we know as individuals.
对于流过石头的小溪来说，它所形成的漩涡、波浪、泡沫片都是无关紧要的，无关紧要的。但它遵循重力的吸引力，表现为无弹性、完全可移动、无形、透明的流体：这就是它的本质；如果通过感知得知的话，这就是它的理念；这些偶然的形式只适用于我们作为个体的认识。
The ice on the window-pane forms itself into crystals according to the laws of crystallisation, which reveal the essence of the force of nature that appears here, exhibit the Idea; but the trees and flowers which it traces on the pane are unessential, and are only there for us.
窗玻璃上的冰根据结晶定律自行形成晶体，揭示了这里出现的自然力量的本质，展示了理念；但它在窗玻璃上描绘的树木和花朵是无关紧要的，只为我们而存在。
What appears in the clouds, the brook, and the crystal is the weakest echo of that will which appears more fully in the plant, more fully still in the beast, and most fully in man.
出现在云朵、溪流和水晶中的东西是意志的最微弱的回响，这种意志在植物中表现得更充分，在野兽中表现得更充分，在人类中表现得最充分。
But only the essential in all these grades of its objectification constitutes the Idea; on the other hand, its unfolding or development, because broken up in the forms of the principle of sufficient reason into a multiplicity of many-sided phenomena, is unessential to the Idea, lies merely in the kind of knowledge that belongs to the individual and has reality only for this.
但只有其客观化的所有这些等级中的本质才构成理念；另一方面，它的展开或发展，因为以充足理由原则的形式分解为多种多方面的现象，对于理念来说并不是本质的，仅仅在于属于个人和个人的知识。现实仅此而已。
The same thing necessarily holds good of the unfolding of that Idea which is the completest objectivity of will.
同样的事情也必然适用于作为意志的完全客观性的理念的展开。
Therefore, the history of the human race, the throng of events, the change of times, the multifarious forms of human life in different lands and countries, all this is only the accidental form of the manifestation of the Idea, does not belong to the Idea itself, in which alone lies the adequate objectivity of the will, but only to the phenomenon which appears in the knowledge of the individual, and is just as foreign, unessential, and indifferent to the Idea itself as the figures which they assume are to the clouds, the form of its eddies and foam-flakes to the brook, or its trees and flowers to the ice.
因此，人类的历史，纷繁的事件，时代的变迁，不同土地和国家的人类生活的多种多样的形式，这一切都只是理念表现的偶然形式，不属于理念的表现形式。观念本身，只有意志的充分客观性才存在于其中，但只针对出现在个人知识中的现象，并且对于观念本身来说，就像他们假设的人物一样，是外来的、非本质的和无关紧要的。云，它的漩涡和泡沫片的形状到小溪，或者它的树木和花朵到冰。
 To him who has thoroughly grasped this, and can distinguish between the will and the Idea, and between the Idea and its manifestation, the events of the world will have significance only so far as they are the letters out of which we may read the Idea of man, but not in and for themselves.
对于彻底领会了这一点、能够区分意志和理念、理念和它的表现的人来说，世界上的事件只有当它们是我们可以从中读出理念的字母时才有意义。人的，但不是为了他们自己。
He will not believe with the vulgar that time may produce something actually new and significant; that through it, or in it, something absolutely real may attain to existence, or indeed that it itself as a whole has beginning and end, plan and development, and in some way has for its final aim the highest perfection (according to their conception) of the last generation of man, whose life is a brief thirty years.
他不会像普通人那样相信时间会产生一些真正新颖和有意义的东西；通过它，或者在它之中，某种绝对真实的东西可以实现存在，或者事实上，它本身作为一个整体有开始和结束，计划和发展，并以某种方式为其最终目标达到最高的完美（根据他们的概念） ）最后一代人类的生命只有短短的三十年。
Therefore he will just as little, with Homer, people a whole Olympus with gods to guide the events of time, as, with Ossian, he will take the forms of the clouds for individual beings; for, as we have said, both have just as much meaning as regards the Idea which appears in them.
因此，他不会像荷马一样，将整个奥林匹斯山的诸神来引导时间的事件，就像奥西斯一样，他会以云的形式来代表个体存在。因为，正如我们所说，两者对于其中出现的理念具有同样多的意义。
In the manifold forms of human life and in the unceasing change of events, he will regard the Idea only as the abiding and essential, in which the will to live has its fullest objectivity, and which shows its different sides in the capacities, the passions, the errors and the excellences of the human race; in self-interest, hatred, love, fear, boldness, frivolity, stupidity, slyness, wit, genius, and so forth, all of which crowding together and combining in thousands of forms (individuals), continually create the history of the great and the little world, in which it is all the same whether they are set in motion by nuts or by crowns.
在人类生活的多种形式和不断变化的事件中，他只会将理念视为持久的和本质的，其中生存的意愿具有最充分的客观性，并且在能力和激情方面表现出其不同的方面。 ，人类的错误和优点；自利、仇恨、爱、恐惧、大胆、轻浮、愚蠢、狡猾、机智、天才等等，这一切以成千上万的形式（个人）聚集在一起，不断地创造着伟大和伟大的历史。在这个小世界里，无论它们是通过螺母还是通过冠来驱动，都是一样的。
Finally, he will find that in the world it is the same as in the dramas of Gozzi, in all of which the same persons appear, with like intention, and with a like fate; the motives and incidents are certainly different in each piece, but the spirit of the incidents is the same; the actors in one piece know nothing of the incidents of another, although they performed in it themselves; therefore, after all experience of former pieces, Pantaloon has become no more agile or generous, Tartaglia no more conscientious, Brighella no more courageous, and Columbine no more modest.
最后，他会发现，这个世界和戈齐的戏剧一样，都是同样的人，怀着同样的意图，有着同样的命运。每件作品的动机和事件当然不同，但事件的精神是相同的；一部作品中的演员虽然自己表演，但对另一部作品一无所知；因此，在经历了前几部作品之后，潘塔隆不再变得敏捷或慷慨，塔塔利亚不再尽职尽责，布里盖拉不再勇敢，科伦拜恩也不再谦虚。
 Suppose we were allowed for once a clearer glance into the kingdom of the possible, and over the whole chain of causes and effects; if the earth-spirit appeared and showed us in a picture all the greatest men, enlighteners of the world, and heroes, that chance destroyed before they were ripe for their work; then the great events that would have changed the history of the world and brought in periods of the highest culture and enlightenment, but which the blindest chance, the most insignificant accident, hindered at the outset; lastly, the splendid powers of great men, that would have enriched whole ages of the world, but which, either misled by error or passion, or compelled by necessity, they squandered uselessly on unworthy or unfruitful objects, or even wasted in play.
假设我们被允许一次更清楚地了解可能性的王国，以及整个因果链；如果大地之灵出现并向我们展示了所有最伟大的人物、世界启蒙者和英雄，那么这个机会在他们成熟之前就被摧毁了；然后是一些伟大的事件，这些事件本来可以改变世界历史，带来最高文化和启蒙时期，但最盲目的机会、最微不足道的事故从一开始就阻碍了这些事件；最后，伟人的辉煌力量本来可以丰富世界各个时代，但是，要么被错误或激情所误导，要么迫于必要，他们将其无用地浪费在不值得或没有成果的物体上，甚至浪费在玩耍中。
If we saw all this, we would shudder and lament at the thought of the lost treasures of whole periods of the world.
如果我们看到这一切，一想到世界各个时期失落的宝藏，我们就会不寒而栗、哀叹不已。
But the earth-spirit would smile and say, “The source from which the individuals and their powers proceed is inexhaustible and unending as time and space; for, like these forms of all phenomena, they also are only phenomena, visibility of the will.
但大地之灵会微笑着说：“个人及其力量的源泉是取之不尽，用之不竭的，就像时间和空间一样；因为，就像所有现象的这些形式一样，它们也只是现象，是意志的可见性。
No finite measure can exhaust that infinite source; therefore an undiminished eternity is always open for the return of any event or work that was nipped in the bud.
任何有限的措施都无法耗尽无限的源泉；因此，任何被扼杀在萌芽状态的事件或工作的回归总是有一个不减的永恒。
In this world of phenomena true loss is just as little possible as true gain.
在这个现象世界中，真正的损失和真正的收获一样不可能。
The will alone is; it is the thing in-itself, and the source of all these phenomena.
唯有意志；它是自在之物，是所有这些现象的根源。
Its self-knowledge and its assertion or denial, which is then decided upon, is the only event in-itself.”(49)  § 36.
它的自我认识和它的断言或否认，这是随后决定的，是唯一的事件本身。”(49) § 36.
History follows the thread of events; it is pragmatic so far as it deduces them in accordance with the law of motivation, a law that determines the self-manifesting will wherever it is enlightened by knowledge.
历史遵循事件的线索；它是务实的，因为它根据动机法则推论出它们，而动机法则决定了无论在何处受到知识启发的自我表现的意志。
At the lowest grades of its objectivity, where it still acts without knowledge, natural science, in the form of etiology, treats of the laws of the changes of its phenomena, and, in the form of morphology, of what is permanent in them.
在其客观性的最低层次上，自然科学仍然在没有知识的情况下发挥作用，以病因学的形式，研究其现象变化的规律，并以形态学的形式，研究现象中永恒的事物。
This almost endless task is lightened by the aid of concepts, which comprehend what is general in order that we may deduce what is particular from it.
这项几乎永无休止的任务在概念的帮助下变得轻松起来，概念理解了普遍性，以便我们可以从中推断出特殊性。
Lastly, mathematics treats of the mere forms, time and space, in which the Ideas, broken up into multiplicity, appear for the knowledge of the subject as individual.
最后，数学处理纯粹的形式、时间和空间，在这些形式、时间和空间中，思想被分解成多样性，作为个体的学科知识而出现。
All these, of which the common name is science, proceed according to the principle of sufficient reason in its different forms, and their theme is always the phenomenon, its laws, connections, and the relations which result from them.
所有这些，它们的共同名称是科学，都以不同的形式按照充分理性的原则进行，它们的主题始终是现象、其规律、联系以及由此产生的关系。
But what kind of knowledge is concerned with that which is outside and independent of all relations, that which alone is really essential to the world, the true content of its phenomena, that which is subject to no change, and therefore is known with equal truth for all time, in a word, the _Ideas_, which are the direct and adequate objectivity of the thing in-itself, the will? We answer, _Art_, the work of genius.
但是，什么样的知识关心的是那些外部的、独立于所有关系的知识，那些对世界来说真正重要的知识，它的现象的真实内容，那些不发生变化的知识，因此以同样的真理为人所知。总而言之，永远是“观念”，即事物本身的直接和充分的客观性，也就是意志？我们回答，_艺术_，天才的作品。
It repeats or reproduces the eternal Ideas grasped through pure contemplation, the essential and abiding in all the phenomena of the world; and according to what the material is in which it reproduces, it is sculpture or painting, poetry or music.
它重复或再现通过纯粹的沉思所掌握的永恒理念，这是世界上所有现象的本质和持久性；根据其再现的材料，它是雕塑或绘画，诗歌或音乐。
Its one source is the knowledge of Ideas; its one aim the communication of this knowledge.
它的来源之一是理念知识；其目的之一就是传播这一知识。
While science, following the unresting and inconstant stream of the fourfold forms of reason and consequent, with each end attained sees further, and can never reach a final goal nor attain full satisfaction, any more than by running we can reach the place where the clouds touch the horizon; art, on the contrary, is everywhere at its goal.
虽然科学追随理性和后果的四重形式的不稳定和不断变化的流，每达到一个目标都看得更远，但它永远无法达到最终目标，也无法获得完全的满足，就像跑步我们无法到达云彩所在的地方一样。触摸地平线；相反，艺术无处不在，都在朝着它的目标前进。
For it plucks the object of its contemplation out of the stream of the world’s course, and has it isolated before it.
因为它把它沉思的对象从世界的进程中拉出来，并把它孤立在它面前。
And this particular thing, which in that stream was a small perishing part, becomes to art the representative of the whole, an equivalent of the endless multitude in space and time.
而这个特定的事物，在溪流中只是一个正在消亡的小部分，对于艺术来说却成为整体的代表，相当于空间和时间中无穷无尽的众多。
It therefore pauses at this particular thing; the course of time stops; the relations vanish for it; only the essential, the Idea, is its object.
因此，它在这个特定的事情上停了下来；时间的进程停止了；关系因此消失；只有本质，即理念，才是它的对象。
We may, therefore, accurately define it as the _way of viewing things independent of the principle of sufficient reason_, in opposition to the way of viewing them which proceeds in accordance with that principle, and which is the method of experience and of science.
因此，我们可以准确地将其定义为“独立于充足理由原则的观察事物的方式”，与根据该原则进行的观察事物的方式相反，即经验和科学的方法。
This last method of considering things may be compared to a line infinitely extended in a horizontal direction, and the former to a vertical line which cuts it at any point.
最后一种考虑事物的方法可以比作一条在水平方向上无限延伸的线，而前者则比作一条在任意点与它相交的垂直线。
The method of viewing things which proceeds in accordance with the principle of sufficient reason is the rational method, and it alone is valid and of use in practical life and in science.
按照充足理由原则看待事物的方法才是理性的方法，只有它在实际生活和科学中才是有效的和有用的。
The method which looks away from the content of this principle is the method of genius, which is only valid and of use in art.
脱离这一原则内容的方法是天才的方法，它只在艺术中有效和有用。
The first is the method of Aristotle; the second is, on the whole, that of Plato.
第一个是亚里士多德的方法；第二个总体来说是柏拉图的。
The first is like the mighty storm, that rushes along without beginning and without aim, bending, agitating, and carrying away everything before it; the second is like the silent sunbeam, that pierces through the storm quite unaffected by it.
第一种就像汹涌的风暴，无始无终地奔腾，弯曲、搅动、卷走面前的一切；第二个就像沉默的阳光，穿透暴风雨而不受它的影响。
The first is like the innumerable showering drops of the waterfall, which, constantly changing, never rest for an instant; the second is like the rainbow, quietly resting on this raging torrent.
一如瀑布无数倾泻而下，不断变幻，一刻不息；第二个像彩虹，静静地停在这汹涌的洪流上。
Only through the pure contemplation described above, which ends entirely in the object, can Ideas be comprehended; and the nature of _genius_ consists in pre-eminent capacity for such contemplation.
只有通过上述纯粹的沉思，完全以对象为终点，才能理解理念；天才的本质在于这种沉思的卓越能力。
Now, as this requires that a man should entirely forget himself and the relations in which he stands, _genius_ is simply the completest _objectivity_, _i.e._, the objective tendency of the mind, as opposed to the subjective, which is directed to one’s own self—in other words, to the will.
现在，由于这要求一个人应该完全忘记自己和他所处的关系，所以“天才”只是最完整的“客观性”，即心灵的客观倾向，而不是主观倾向，主观倾向是为了一个人的自我——换句话说，就是意志。
Thus genius is the faculty of continuing in the state of pure perception, of losing oneself in perception, and of enlisting in this service the knowledge which originally existed only for the service of the will; that is to say, genius is the power of leaving one’s own interests, wishes, and aims entirely out of sight, thus of entirely renouncing one’s own personality for a time, so as to remain _pure knowing subject_, clear vision of the world; and this not merely at moments, but for a sufficient length of time, and with sufficient consciousness, to enable one to reproduce by deliberate art what has thus been apprehended, and “to fix in lasting thoughts the wavering images that float before the mind.” It is as if, when genius appears in an individual, a far larger measure of the power of knowledge falls to his lot than is necessary for the service of an individual will; and this superfluity of knowledge, being free, now becomes subject purified from will, a clear mirror of the inner nature of the world.
因此，天才是一种持续处于纯粹知觉状态的能力，一种在知觉中迷失自己的能力，一种在这种服务中吸收最初只为意志服务而存在的知识的能力。也就是说，天才是一种将自己的兴趣、愿望和目标完全抛在脑后的力量，从而暂时完全放弃自己的个性，从而保持“纯粹的认知主体”和对世界的清晰视野；这不仅是在瞬间，而是在足够长的时间里，以足够的意识，使人能够通过深思熟虑的艺术再现如此理解的东西，并“将浮在脑海中的摇摆不定的形象固定在持久的思想中。 ”就好像，当天才出现在一个人身上时，他所拥有的知识力量就远远超过了为个人意志服务所必需的力量。这种多余的知识，由于是自由的，现在成为从意志中净化出来的主体，成为世界内在本质的清晰镜子。
This explains the activity, amounting even to disquietude, of men of genius, for the present can seldom satisfy them, because it does not fill their consciousness.
这解释了天才们的活动，甚至相当于不安，因为当下很少能满足他们，因为它不能充满他们的意识。
This gives them that restless aspiration, that unceasing desire for new things, and for the contemplation of lofty things, and also that longing that is hardly ever satisfied, for men of similar nature and of like stature, to whom they might communicate themselves; whilst the common mortal, entirely filled and satisfied by the common present, ends in it, and finding everywhere his like, enjoys that peculiar satisfaction in daily life that is denied to genius.
这给了他们永不停歇的渴望，对新事物的不断渴望，对崇高事物的沉思，以及对与他们可以交流自己的相似性质和相似身材的人的渴望，这种渴望几乎永远无法满足；而普通的凡人，完全被共同的当下所充满和满足，最终在其中找到了自己的同类，在日常生活中享受着天才所无法获得的特殊满足。
 Imagination has rightly been recognised as an essential element of genius; it has sometimes even been regarded as identical with it; but this is a mistake.
想象力被正确地认为是天才的基本要素。有时甚至被认为与它相同；但这是一个错误。
As the objects of genius are the eternal Ideas, the permanent, essential forms of the world and all its phenomena, and as the knowledge of the Idea is necessarily knowledge through perception, is not abstract, the knowledge of the genius would be limited to the Ideas of the objects actually present to his person, and dependent upon the chain of circumstances that brought these objects to him, if his imagination did not extend his horizon far beyond the limits of his actual personal existence, and thus enable him to construct the whole out of the little that comes into his own actual apperception, and so to let almost all possible scenes of life pass before him in his own consciousness.
由于天才的对象是永恒的理念，即世界及其所有现象的永久的、本质的形式，并且由于理念的知识必然是通过感知获得的知识，而不是抽象的，因此天才的知识将仅限于如果他的想象力没有将他的视野远远超出他实际个人存在的范围，从而使他能够构建整个事物，那么他对实际呈现给他的物体的想法取决于将这些物体带给他的一系列环境。从他自己的实际感知中的一点点出发，因此让几乎所有可能的生活场景在他自己的意识中从他面前掠过。
Further, the actual objects are almost always very imperfect copies of the Ideas expressed in them; therefore the man of genius requires imagination in order to see in things, not that which Nature has actually made, but that which she endeavoured to make, yet could not because of that conflict of her forms among themselves which we referred to in the last book.
此外，实际的物体几乎总是它们所表达的思想的非常不完美的复制品；因此，天才的人需要想象力才能看到事物，不是大自然实际创造的事物，而是她努力创造的事物，但由于我们在上本书中提到的她的形式之间的冲突而未能实现。
We shall return to this farther on in treating of sculpture.
我们将在讨论雕塑时进一步回到这一点。
The imagination then extends the intellectual horizon of the man of genius beyond the objects which actually present themselves to him, both as regards quality and quantity.
然后，想象力将天才的智力视野扩展到了实际呈现在他面前的物体之外，无论是质量还是数量。
Therefore extraordinary strength of imagination accompanies, and is indeed a necessary condition of genius.
因此非凡的想象力伴随而来，确实是天才的必要条件。
But the converse does not hold, for strength of imagination does not indicate genius; on the contrary, men who have no touch of genius may have much imagination.
但反之则不然，因为想象力的丰富并不意味着天才；想象力的丰富并不意味着天才。相反，没有天赋的人却可能有丰富的想象力。
For as it is possible to consider a real object in two opposite ways, purely objectively, the way of genius grasping its Idea, or in the common way, merely in the relations in which it stands to other objects and to one’s own will, in accordance with the principle of sufficient reason, it is also possible to perceive an imaginary object in both of these ways.
因为我们可以用两种相反的方式来考虑一个真实的物体，纯粹客观地，即天才把握其理念的方式，或者以普通的方式，仅仅在它与其他物体和自己意志的关系中，在根据充分理由原则，也可以用这两种方式来感知一个想象的物体。
Regarded in the first way, it is a means to the knowledge of the Idea, the communication of which is the work of art; in the second case, the imaginary object is used to build castles in the air congenial to egotism and the individual humour, and which for the moment delude and gratify; thus only the relations of the phantasies so linked together are known.
从第一种方式来看，它是了解理念的一种手段，而理念的交流就是艺术作品；在第二种情况下，想象的物体被用来建造空中楼阁，与自私和个人幽默相适应，暂时令人迷惑和满足；因此，只有如此联系在一起的幻想之间的关系才是已知的。
The man who indulges in such an amusement is a dreamer; he will easily mingle those fancies that delight his solitude with reality, and so unfit himself for real life: perhaps he will write them down, and then we shall have the ordinary novel of every description, which entertains those who are like him and the public at large, for the readers imagine themselves in the place of the hero, and then find the story very agreeable.
沉迷于这种娱乐的人是一个梦想家。他很容易把那些使他感到孤独的幻想与现实混在一起，从而使自己不适合现实生活：也许他会把它们写下来，然后我们就会有各种各样的普通小说，它可以娱乐那些像他一样的人和公众总的来说，让读者想象自己处于英雄的位置，然后发现这个故事非常令人愉快。
 The common mortal, that manufacture of Nature which she produces by the thousand every day, is, as we have said, not capable, at least not continuously so, of observation that in every sense is wholly disinterested, as sensuous contemplation, strictly so called, is.
正如我们所说，普通凡人，即她每天生产的成千上万的自然产品，没有能力，至少不能持续地进行观察，而这种观察在任何意义上都是完全无私的，就像感性的沉思一样，严格地称为所谓的“感性沉思”。 ， 是。
He can turn his attention to things only so far as they have some relation to his will, however indirect it may be.
他只能将注意力转移到与他的意志有某种关系的事物上，无论这种关系有多么间接。
Since in this respect, which never demands anything but the knowledge of relations, the abstract conception of the thing is sufficient, and for the most part even better adapted for use; the ordinary man does not linger long over the mere perception, does not fix his attention long on one object, but in all that is presented to him hastily seeks merely the concept under which it is to be brought, as the lazy man seeks a chair, and then it interests him no further.
因为在这方面，除了关系知识之外，不需要任何东西，事物的抽象概念就足够了，而且在大多数情况下甚至更适合使用；普通人不会长时间停留在纯粹的感知上，不会长时间地将注意力集中在一个物体上，而是在呈现给他的所有事物中匆忙地寻找它所要遵循的概念，就像懒惰的人寻找一把椅子一样，然后他就不再感兴趣了。
This is why he is so soon done with everything, with works of art, objects of natural beauty, and indeed everywhere with the truly significant contemplation of all the scenes of life.
这就是为什么他很快就完成了一切，包括艺术品、自然美的物体，甚至无处不在，对所有生活场景进行真正有意义的沉思。
He does not linger; only seeks to know his own way in life, together with all that might at any time become his way.
他没有徘徊；只寻求了解自己的生活方式，以及随时可能成为他的生活方式的一切。
Thus he makes topographical notes in the widest sense; over the consideration of life itself as such he wastes no time.
因此，他在最广泛的意义上做了地形记录。他不遗余力地思考生命本身。
The man of genius, on the other hand, whose excessive power of knowledge frees it at times from the service of will, dwells on the consideration of life itself, strives to comprehend the Idea of each thing, not its relations to other things; and in doing this he often forgets to consider his own path in life, and therefore for the most part pursues it awkwardly enough.
另一方面，天才的人，其过多的知识力量有时使其摆脱了意志的服务，专注于对生活本身的思考，努力理解每件事物的理念，而不是它与其他事物的关系；在这样做的过程中，他常常忘记考虑自己的人生道路，因此在大多数情况下，他的追求都相当尴尬。
While to the ordinary man his faculty of knowledge is a lamp to lighten his path, to the man of genius it is the sun which reveals the world.
对于普通人来说，他的知识是照亮他道路的一盏明灯，而对于天才来说，他的知识则是照亮世界的太阳。
This great diversity in their way of looking at life soon becomes visible in the outward appearance both of the man of genius and of the ordinary mortal.
他们看待生活的方式的巨大差异很快就在天才和普通凡人的外表上显现出来。
The man in whom genius lives and works is easily distinguished by his glance, which is both keen and steady, and bears the stamp of perception, of contemplation.
天才生活和工作的人很容易通过他的眼神来辨别，他的眼神既敏锐又稳定，带有感知和沉思的印记。
This is easily seen from the likenesses of the few men of genius whom Nature has produced here and there among countless millions.
从大自然在数以百万计的数以百万计的天才中随处产生的少数天才的肖像中，很容易看出这一点。
On the other hand, in the case of an ordinary man, the true object of his contemplation, what he is prying into, can be easily seen from his glance, if indeed it is not quite stupid and vacant, as is generally the case.
另一方面，对于一个普通人来说，他沉思的真正对象，他正在窥探的东西，可以很容易地从他的目光中看出，如果它确实不是像通常情况那样愚蠢和空虚的话。
Therefore the expression of genius in a face consists in this, that in it a decided predominance of knowledge over will is visible, and consequently there also shows itself in it a knowledge that is entirely devoid of relation to will, _i.e._, _pure knowing_.
因此，天才在脸上的表现在于，在脸上可以看到知识对意志的决定性优势，因此，在脸上也表现出一种与意志完全无关的知识，即， _纯粹的认识_。
On the contrary, in ordinary countenances there is a predominant expression of will; and we see that knowledge only comes into activity under the impulse of will, and thus is directed merely by motives.
相反，在平常的表情中，主要是意志的表达。我们看到，知识只有在意志的推动下才会产生活动，因此仅受动机的指导。
 Since the knowledge that pertains to genius, or the knowledge of Ideas, is that knowledge which does not follow the principle of sufficient reason, so, on the other hand, the knowledge which does follow that principle is that which gives us prudence and rationality in life, and which creates the sciences.
由于属于天才的知识，或者理念的知识，是不遵循充足理由原则的知识，因此，另一方面，遵循该原则的知识是给予我们审慎和理性的知识。生命，并创造了科学。
Thus men of genius are affected with the deficiencies entailed in the neglect of this latter kind of knowledge.
因此，天才们因忽视后一种知识而受到影响。
Yet what I say in this regard is subject to the limitation that it only concerns them in so far as and while they are actually engaged in that kind of knowledge which is peculiar to genius; and this is by no means at every moment of their lives, for the great though spontaneous exertion which is demanded for the comprehension of Ideas free from will must necessarily relax, and there are long intervals during which men of genius are placed in very much the same position as ordinary mortals, both as regards advantages and deficiencies.
然而，我在这方面所说的话受到限制，即它仅与他们实际从事天才所特有的知识有关。这绝不是在他们一生中的每时每刻，因为为了理解不受意志影响的理念，需要付出巨大的、自发的努力，而这种努力必然会放松，而且在很长的一段时间内，天才们被置于非常重要的状态中。无论是优点还是缺点，都与普通凡人处于相同的地位。
On this account the action of genius has always been regarded as an inspiration, as indeed the name indicates, as the action of a superhuman being distinct from the individual himself, and which takes possession of him only periodically.
因此，天才的行为一直被视为一种灵感，正如其名称所表明的那样，是一种不同于个人本身的超人的行为，并且只是周期性地占有他。
The disinclination of men of genius to direct their attention to the content of the principle of sufficient reason will first show itself, with regard to the ground of being, as dislike of mathematics; for its procedure is based upon the most universal forms of the phenomenon space and time, which are themselves merely modes of the principle of sufficient reason, and is consequently precisely the opposite of that method of thought which seeks merely the content of the phenomenon, the Idea which expresses itself in it apart from all relations.
天才们不愿意将注意力集中在充分理性原理的内容上，首先就存在的基础而言，表现为对数学的厌恶；因为它的程序是建立在现象空间和时间的最普遍形式的基础上的，而这些形式本身只是充足理由原则的模式，因此与仅仅寻求现象内容的思维方法恰恰相反。脱离一切关系而在其中表达自己的观念。
The logical method of mathematics is also antagonistic to genius, for it does not satisfy but obstructs true insight, and presents merely a chain of conclusions in accordance with the principle of the ground of knowing.
数学的逻辑方法也与天才相对立，因为它不能满足而是阻碍真正的洞察力，并且仅仅根据认识基础的原则提出一系列结论。
The mental faculty upon which it makes the greatest claim is memory, for it is necessary to recollect all the earlier propositions which are referred to.
它最需要的智力是记忆力，因为有必要回忆起之前提到的所有命题。
Experience has also proved that men of great artistic genius have no faculty for mathematics; no man was ever very distinguished for both.
经验还证明，具有伟大艺术天才的人没有数学天赋；没有人在这两方面都表现出色。
Alfieri relates that he was never able to understand the fourth proposition of Euclid.
阿尔菲里说，他始终无法理解欧几里得的第四个命题。
Goethe was constantly reproached with his want of mathematical knowledge by the ignorant opponents of his theory of colours.
歌德的色彩理论的无知反对者经常指责歌德缺乏数学知识。
Here certainly, where it was not a question of calculation and measurement upon hypothetical data, but of direct knowledge by the understanding of causes and effects, this reproach was so utterly absurd and inappropriate, that by making it they have exposed their entire want of judgment, just as much as by the rest of their ridiculous arguments.
当然，这里不是根据假设数据进行计算和测量的问题，而是通过理解因果关系获得的直接知识的问题，这种指责是如此完全荒谬和不恰当，以至于他们通过这样做暴露了他们完全缺乏判断力。 ，就像他们其他荒谬的论点一样。
The fact that up to the present day, nearly half a century after the appearance of Goethe’s theory of colours, even in Germany the Newtonian fallacies still have undisturbed possession of the professorial chair, and men continue to speak quite seriously of the seven homogeneous rays of light and their different refrangibility, will some day be numbered among the great intellectual peculiarities of men generally, and especially of Germans.
事实上，直到今天，在歌德色彩理论出现近半个世纪后，即使在德国，牛顿谬误仍然不受干扰地占据着教授席位，人们继续相当严肃地谈论七种均匀光线光及其不同的可重构性，有一天将被列为人类，尤其是德国人的伟大智力特征之一。
From the same cause as we have referred to above, may be explained the equally well-known fact that, conversely, admirable mathematicians have very little susceptibility for works of fine art.
出于与我们上面提到的相同的原因，可以解释同样众所周知的事实，即相反，令人钦佩的数学家对美术作品几乎没有敏感性。
This is very naïvely expressed in the well-known anecdote of the French mathematician, who, after having read Racine’s “Iphigenia,” shrugged his shoulders and asked, “_Qu’est ce que cela prouve?_” Further, as quick comprehension of relations in accordance with the laws of causality and motivation is what specially constitutes prudence or sagacity, a prudent man, so far as and while he is so, will not be a genius, and a man of genius, so far as and while he is so, will not be a prudent man.
法国数学家的著名轶事中非常天真地表达了这一点，他在读完拉辛的《伊菲革涅亚》后，耸耸肩问道：“_Qu'est ce que cela prouve？_”此外，作为对关系的快速理解根据因果关系和动机的法则，特别构成了审慎或睿智，一个审慎的人，只要他是天才，就不会成为天才；而一个天才的人，只要他是天才，就不会成为天才。 ，不会是一个谨慎的人。
Lastly, perceptive knowledge generally, in the province of which the Idea always lies, is directly opposed to rational or abstract knowledge, which is guided by the principle of the ground of knowing.
最后，一般来说，感性知识（理念始终属于其范畴）与理性或抽象知识直接对立，理性或抽象知识受认识基础原则的指导。
It is also well known that we seldom find great genius united with pre-eminent reasonableness; on the contrary, persons of genius are often subject to violent emotions and irrational passions.
众所周知，我们很少发现伟大的天才与卓越的理性相结合。相反，天才的人常常会受到暴力情绪和非理性激情的影响。
But the ground of this is not weakness of reason, but partly unwonted energy of that whole phenomenon of will—the man of genius—which expresses itself through the violence of all his acts of will, and partly preponderance of the knowledge of perception through the senses and understanding over abstract knowledge, producing a decided tendency to the perceptible, the exceedingly lively impressions of which so far outshine colourless concepts, that they take their place in the guidance of action, which consequently becomes irrational.
但这的基础并不是理性的弱点，而是整个意志现象——天才的人——的不寻常的能量，它通过他所有意志行为的暴力来表达自己，部分是通过感知知识的优势来表达自己。对抽象知识的感觉和理解，产生了一种明显的可感知的倾向，迄今为止，其极其生动的印象比无色的概念更耀眼，它们在行动的指导中占有一席之地，从而变得非理性。
Accordingly the impression of the present moment is very strong with such persons, and carries them away into unconsidered action, violent emotions and passions.
因此，这些人对当前时刻的印象非常强烈，并导致他们采取不加考虑的行动、强烈的情绪和激情。
Moreover, since, in general, the knowledge of persons of genius has to some extent freed itself from the service of will, they will not in conversation think so much of the person they are addressing as of the thing they are speaking about, which is vividly present to them; and therefore they are likely to judge or narrate things too objectively for their own interests; they will not pass over in silence what would more prudently be concealed, and so forth.
此外，由于一般来说，天才者的知识在某种程度上已经摆脱了意志的服务，所以他们在谈话中不会更多地考虑他们正在谈论的人，而是他们正在谈论的事情。生动地呈现给他们；因此，他们可能会为了自己的利益而过于客观地判断或叙述事物；他们不会默默地忽略那些更谨慎地隐藏的事情，等等。
Finally, they are given to soliloquising, and in general may exhibit certain weaknesses which are actually akin to madness.
最后，他们习惯于自言自语，通常可能表现出某些实际上类似于疯狂的弱点。
It has often been remarked that there is a side at which genius and madness touch, and even pass over into each other, and indeed poetical inspiration has been called a kind of madness: _amabilis insania_, Horace calls it (Od.
人们经常说，天才和疯狂有一个接触的一面，甚至互相传递，事实上，诗歌灵感被称为一种疯狂：_amabilis insania_，贺拉斯称之为（Od.
iii.
三.
4), and Wieland in the introduction to “Oberon” speaks of it as “amiable madness.” Even Aristotle, as quoted by Seneca (De Tranq.
4），维兰德在《奥布朗》的介绍中将其称为“和蔼可亲的疯狂”。甚至亚里士多德，正如塞内卡（De Tranq.
Animi, 15, 16), is reported to have said: _Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiæ fuit_.
据报道，阿尼米（15、16 岁）曾说过：_Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiæ fuit_。
Plato expresses it in the figure of the dark cave, referred to above (De Rep.
柏拉图用上面提到的黑暗洞穴的形象来表达这一点（De Rep.
7), when he says: “Those who, outside the cave, have seen the true sunlight and the things that have true being (Ideas), cannot afterwards see properly down in the cave, because their eyes are not accustomed to the darkness; they cannot distinguish the shadows, and are jeered at for their mistakes by those who have never left the cave and its shadows.” In the “Phædrus” also (p.
7），当他说：“那些在洞穴外看到了真正的阳光和具有真实存在（观念）的事物的人，后来无法在洞穴中正确地看到下面，因为他们的眼睛不习惯黑暗；他们无法区分阴影，并因自己的错误而受到那些从未离开过洞穴及其阴影的人的嘲笑。”在《斐德若》中也有（第 17 页）。
317), he distinctly says that there can be no true poet without a certain madness; in fact, (p.
317），他明确表示，没有一定的疯狂就不可能有真正的诗人；事实上，(p.
327), that every one appears mad who recognises the eternal Ideas in fleeting things.
327），每个在转瞬即逝的事物中认识到永恒理念的人都显得疯狂。
Cicero also quotes: _Negat enim sine furore, Democritus, quemquam poetam magnum esse posse; quod idem dicit Plato_ (De Divin., i.
西塞罗还引用了：_Negat enim sine furore，德谟克利特，quemquam potam magnum esse posse； quod idem dicit Plato_ (De Divin., i.
37).
37）。
And, lastly, Pope says—       “Great wits to madness sure are near allied,     And thin partitions do their bounds divide.”   Especially instructive in this respect is Goethe’s “Torquato Tasso,” in which he shows us not only the suffering, the martyrdom of genius as such, but also how it constantly passes into madness.
最后，波普说：“伟大的智慧与疯狂肯定是紧密相连的，而薄弱的隔阂却将他们的界限分开。”在这方面特别有启发性的是歌德的《托夸托·塔索》，他在其中不仅向我们展示了天才本身的痛苦和殉难，而且还向我们展示了它如何不断地陷入疯狂。
Finally, the fact of the direct connection of genius and madness is established by the biographies of great men of genius, such as Rousseau, Byron, and Alfieri, and by anecdotes from the lives of others.
最后，卢梭、拜伦和阿尔菲里等伟大天才的传记以及其他人的生活轶事证实了天才与疯狂之间直接联系的事实。
On the other hand, I must mention that, by a diligent search in lunatic asylums, I have found individual cases of patients who were unquestionably endowed with great talents, and whose genius distinctly appeared through their madness, which, however, had completely gained the upper hand.
另一方面，我必须提到，通过在疯人院里的勤奋搜寻，我发现了一些病人的个案，他们无疑具有巨大的天赋，他们的天才通过他们的疯狂而明显地显现出来，然而，他们的疯狂却完全获得了人们的认可。上面那只手。
Now this cannot be ascribed to chance, for on the one hand the number of mad persons is relatively very small, and on the other hand a person of genius is a phenomenon which is rare beyond all ordinary estimation, and only appears in nature as the greatest exception.
这不能归咎于偶然，因为一方面，疯子的数量相对来说非常少，另一方面，天才是一种罕见的现象，超出了一般人的估计，只有在自然界中才出现。最大的例外。
It will be sufficient to convince us of this if we compare the number of really great men of genius that the whole of civilised Europe has produced, both in ancient and modern times, with the two hundred and fifty millions who are always living in Europe, and who change entirely every thirty years.
如果我们将整个文明欧洲在古代和现代所产生的真正伟大天才的数量与一直生活在欧洲的两亿五千万人进行比较，就足以使我们相信这一点。每三十年就会彻底改变一次。
In estimating the number of men of outstanding genius, we must of course only count those who have produced works which have retained through all time an enduring value for mankind.
在估计杰出天才的数量时，我们当然只能计算那些创作出对人类具有持久价值的作品的人。
I shall not refrain from mentioning, that I have known some persons of decided, though not remarkable, mental superiority, who also showed a slight trace of insanity.
我不得不提一下，我认识一些人，他们虽然并不显着，但在精神上绝对优越，但他们也表现出轻微的精神错乱。
It might seem from this that every advance of intellect beyond the ordinary measure, as an abnormal development, disposes to madness.
由此看来，每一次超出正常水平的智力进步，作为一种不正常的发展，都会导致疯狂。
In the meantime, however, I will explain as briefly as possible my view of the purely intellectual ground of the relation between genius and madness, for this will certainly assist the explanation of the real nature of genius, that is to say, of that mental endowment which alone can produce genuine works of art.
然而，与此同时，我将尽可能简要地解释我对天才与疯狂之间关系的纯粹智力基础的看法，因为这肯定有助于解释天才的真正本质，也就是说，解释天才的真正本质。只有天赋才能创造出真正的艺术作品。
But this necessitates a brief explanation of madness itself.(50)  A clear and complete insight into the nature of madness, a correct and distinct conception of what constitutes the difference between the sane and the insane, has, as far as I know, not as yet been found.
但这需要对疯狂本身进行简要解释。（50）据我所知，对疯狂本质的清晰而完整的洞察，对理智与疯狂之间的区别的正确而清晰的概念，还没有至今尚未发现。
Neither reason nor understanding can be denied to madmen, for they talk and understand, and often draw very accurate conclusions; they also, as a rule, perceive what is present quite correctly, and apprehend the connection between cause and effect.
对于疯子来说，理性和理解力都不能被否认，因为他们会说话、会理解，并且常常得出非常准确的结论。通常，他们也能相当正确地感知当前的事物，并理解因果之间的联系。
Visions, like the phantasies of delirium, are no ordinary symptom of madness: delirium falsifies perception, madness the thoughts.
幻象，就像谵妄的幻想一样，不是疯狂的常见症状：谵妄会歪曲知觉，疯狂会歪曲思想。
For the most part, madmen do not err in the knowledge of what is immediately _present_; their raving always relates to what is _absent_ and _past_, and only through these to their connection with what is present.
在大多数情况下，疯子对于当下发生的事情的了解是不会犯错的；他们的胡言乱语总是与“不存在”和“过去”有关，并且只有通过这些才能与现在的事物联系起来。
Therefore it seems to me that their malady specially concerns the memory; not indeed that memory fails them entirely, for many of them know a great deal by heart, and sometimes recognise persons whom they have not seen for a long time; but rather that the thread of memory is broken, the continuity of its connection destroyed, and no uniformly connected recollection of the past is possible.
因此，在我看来，他们的毛病特别与记忆有关。事实上，他们的记忆力并不是完全丧失，因为他们中的许多人都记住了很多东西，有时甚至认出了他们很长时间没有见过的人。相反，记忆的线索被破坏了，其连接的连续性被破坏了，对过去的统一连接的回忆是不可能的。
Particular scenes of the past are known correctly, just like the particular present; but there are gaps in their recollection which they fill up with fictions, and these are either always the same, in which case they become fixed ideas, and the madness that results is called monomania or melancholy; or they are always different, momentary fancies, and then it is called folly, _fatuitas_.
过去的特定场景是正确认识的，就像特定的现在一样；但他们的记忆中存在一些空白，他们用虚构的内容来填补，这些空白要么总是相同的，在这种情况下，它们就成为固定的想法，而由此产生的疯狂被称为偏执狂或忧郁症。或者它们总是不同的，短暂的幻想，然后它被称为愚蠢，_fatuitas_。
This is why it is so difficult to find out their former life from lunatics when they enter an asylum.
这就是为什么当疯子进入疯人院后，很难从他们那里找出他们的前世。
The true and the false are always mixed up in their memory.
在他们的记忆中，真假总是混杂在一起。
Although the immediate present is correctly known, it becomes falsified through its fictitious connection with an imaginary past; they therefore regard themselves and others as identical with persons who exist only in their imaginary past; they do not recognise some of their acquaintances at all, and thus while they perceive correctly what is actually present, they have only false conceptions of its relations to what is absent.
尽管当前的现在是正确已知的，但它由于与想象中的过去的虚构联系而被伪造。因此，他们认为自己和他人与只存在于他们想象的过去的人是一样的；他们根本不认识自己的一些熟人，因此，虽然他们正确地感知了实际存在的事物，但他们对它与不存在的事物的关系只有错误的概念。
If the madness reaches a high degree, there is complete absence of memory, so that the madman is quite incapable of any reference to what is absent or past, and is only determined by the caprice of the moment in connection with the fictions which, in his mind, fill the past.
如果疯狂达到高度，就会完全丧失记忆，因此疯子完全无法提及不存在的或过去的事物，而只能由与虚构相关的时刻的反复无常来决定。他的脑海里，充斥着过去。
In such a case, we are never for a moment safe from violence or murder, unless we constantly make the madman aware of the presence of superior force.
在这种情况下，除非我们不断地让疯子意识到优势武力的存在，否则我们一刻也无法免受暴力或谋杀的侵害。
The knowledge of the madman has this in common with that of the brute, both are confined to the present.
疯子的知识与野蛮人的知识有这一点，两者都仅限于当下。
What distinguishes them is that the brute has really no idea of the past as such, though the past acts upon it through the medium of custom, so that, for example, the dog recognises its former master even after years, that is to say, it receives the wonted impression at the sight of him; but of the time that has passed since it saw him it has no recollection.
它们的区别在于，野兽实际上对过去一无所知，尽管过去通过习惯的媒介作用于它，因此，例如，狗即使在多年之后也能认出它的前任主人，也就是说，一看到他就给人一种常见的印象。但它不记得自从见到他以来已经过了多久。
The madman, on the other hand, always carries about in his reason an abstract past, but it is a false past, which exists only for him, and that either constantly, or only for the moment.
另一方面，疯子在他的理性中总是承载着抽象的过去，但那是虚假的过去，只为他而存在，而且要么持续存在，要么只存在于当下。
The influence of this false past prevents the use of the true knowledge of the present which the brute is able to make.
这种错误的过去的影响阻止了野蛮人能够获得的关于现在的真实知识的使用。
The fact that violent mental suffering or unexpected and terrible calamities should often produce madness, I explain in the following manner.
事实上，剧烈的精神痛苦或意想不到的可怕灾难往往会导致疯狂，我以如下方式解释。
All such suffering is as an actual event confined to the present.
所有这些痛苦都是仅限于当前的实际事件。
It is thus merely transitory, and is consequently never excessively heavy; it only becomes unendurably great when it is lasting pain; but as such it exists only in thought, and therefore lies in the _memory_.
因此，它只是暂时的，因此永远不会太重。只有当它是持久的痛苦时，它才会变得难以忍受。但就其本身而言，它只存在于思想中，因此存在于_记忆_中。
If now such a sorrow, such painful knowledge or reflection, is so bitter that it becomes altogether unbearable, and the individual is prostrated under it, then, terrified Nature seizes upon _madness_ as the last resource of life; the mind so fearfully tortured at once destroys the thread of its memory, fills up the gaps with fictions, and thus seeks refuge in madness from the mental suffering that exceeds its strength, just as we cut off a mortified limb and replace it with a wooden one.
如果现在这种悲伤，这种痛苦的认识或反思是如此痛苦，以至于变得完全无法忍受，而个人则屈服于它之下，那么，惊恐的大自然就会抓住“疯狂”作为生命的最后资源；心灵受到如此可怕的折磨，立刻摧毁了它的记忆线索，用虚构的东西填补了空白，从而在疯狂中寻求庇护，逃避超出其力量的精神痛苦，就像我们砍掉一个受折磨的肢体，用一根木头代替它一样。一。
The distracted Ajax, King Lear, and Ophelia may be taken as examples; for the creations of true genius, to which alone we can refer here, as universally known, are equal in truth to real persons; besides, in this case, frequent actual experience shows the same thing.
心烦意乱的阿贾克斯、李尔王、奥菲莉亚都可以作为例子；因为众所周知，真正的天才的创造物实际上与真实的人是平等的，只有我们在这里才能提到这一点。此外，在这种情况下，频繁的实际经验也表明了同样的事情。
A faint analogy of this kind of transition from pain to madness is to be found in the way in which all of us often seek, as it were mechanically, to drive away a painful thought that suddenly occurs to us by some loud exclamation or quick movement—to turn ourselves from it, to distract our minds by force.
这种从痛苦到疯狂的转变有一个隐约的类比，我们所有人经常机械地寻求通过大声喊叫或快速动作来赶走突然出现在我们身上的痛苦想法。 ——让我们自己远离它，用武力分散我们的注意力。
 We see, from what has been said, that the madman has a true knowledge of what is actually present, and also of certain particulars of the past, but that he mistakes the connection, the relations, and therefore falls into error and talks nonsense.
从以上所说的我们可以看出，疯子对实际存在的事物以及过去的某些细节有真实的了解，但是他错误地理解了其中的联系、关系，因此陷入了错误并胡言乱语。
Now this is exactly the point at which he comes into contact with the man of genius; for he also leaves out of sight the knowledge of the connection of things, since he neglects that knowledge of relations which conforms to the principle of sufficient reason, in order to see in things only their Ideas, and to seek to comprehend their true nature, which manifests itself to perception, and in regard to which _one thing_ represents its whole species, in which way, as Goethe says, one case is valid for a thousand.
现在，正是他与天才接触的时刻。因为他也忽略了事物之间联系的知识，因为他忽略了符合充足理由原则的关系知识，以便在事物中只看到它们的理念，并试图理解它们的真实本质，它表现在感知上，就其而言，一件事代表了它的整个物种，正如歌德所说，一件事适用于一千件事。
The particular object of his contemplation, or the present which is perceived by him with extraordinary vividness, appear in so strong a light that the other links of the chain to which they belong are at once thrown into the shade, and this gives rise to phenomena which have long been recognised as resembling those of madness.
他沉思的特定对象，或者他所感知到的异常生动的当下，在如此强烈的光线中出现，以至于它们所属链条的其他环节立即被抛入阴影中，这引起了现象长期以来，人们认为这些行为类似于疯狂。
That which in particular given things exists only incompletely and weakened by modifications, is raised by the man of genius, through his way of contemplating it, to the Idea of the thing, to completeness: he therefore sees everywhere extremes, and therefore his own action tends to extremes; he cannot hit the mean, he lacks soberness, and the result is what we have said.
特别是给定的事物仅存在不完整，并因修改而被削弱，天才的人通过他的思考方式，将其提升到事物的理念，达到完整性：因此，他到处都看到极端，因此他自己的行动趋于极端；他达不到中庸之道，他缺乏清醒，结果就是我们所说的。
He knows the Ideas completely but not the individuals.
他完全了解这些想法，但不了解个人。
Therefore it has been said that a poet may know mankind deeply and thoroughly, and may yet have a very imperfect knowledge of men.
因此有人说，诗人对人类的认识可能很深、很透彻，但对人的认识可能很不全面。
He is easily deceived, and is a tool in the hands of the crafty.
他很容易受骗，是狡猾之人手中的工具。
 § 37.
第37节。
Genius, then, consists, according to our explanation, in the capacity for knowing, independently of the principle of sufficient reason, not individual things, which have their existence only in their relations, but the Ideas of such things, and of being oneself the correlative of the Idea, and thus no longer an individual, but the pure subject of knowledge.
那么，根据我们的解释，天才在于独立于充足理由原则而认识的能力，不是个体事物（它们仅在其关系中存在），而是这些事物的理念，以及认识自身的能力。理念的相关者，因此不再是个人，而是纯粹的知识主体。
Yet this faculty must exist in all men in a smaller and different degree; for if not, they would be just as incapable of enjoying works of art as of producing them; they would have no susceptibility for the beautiful or the sublime; indeed, these words could have no meaning for them.
然而，这种能力必须存在于所有人身上，但程度较小且不同。因为如果不这样做，他们就无法欣赏艺术作品，就像无法创作艺术作品一样。他们对美丽或崇高不感兴趣；事实上，这些话对他们来说毫无意义。
We must therefore assume that there exists in all men this power of knowing the Ideas in things, and consequently of transcending their personality for the moment, unless indeed there are some men who are capable of no æsthetic pleasure at all.
因此，我们必须假设，所有人都存在这种了解事物理念的能力，从而暂时超越他们的人格，除非确实有一些人根本没有能力享受审美乐趣。
The man of genius excels ordinary men only by possessing this kind of knowledge in a far higher degree and more continuously.
天才之人之所以胜过普通人，只是因为他们拥有更高程度、更持续的这种知识。
Thus, while under its influence he retains the presence of mind which is necessary to enable him to repeat in a voluntary and intentional work what he has learned in this manner; and this repetition is the work of art.
因此，在其影响下，他保持了清醒的头脑，这对于他能够在自愿和有意识的工作中重复他以这种方式学到的东西是必要的。这种重复就是艺术作品。
Through this he communicates to others the Idea he has grasped.
通过这种方式，他向他人传达了他所掌握的理念。
This Idea remains unchanged and the same, so that æsthetic pleasure is one and the same whether it is called forth by a work of art or directly by the contemplation of nature and life.
这种理念保持不变，因此，无论是通过艺术作品还是直接通过对自然和生活的沉思所唤起的审美愉悦都是一样的。
The work of art is only a means of facilitating the knowledge in which this pleasure consists.
艺术作品只是促进这种乐趣所在的知识的一种手段。
That the Idea comes to us more easily from the work of art than directly from nature and the real world, arises from the fact that the artist, who knew only the Idea, no longer the actual, has reproduced in his work the pure Idea, has abstracted it from the actual, omitting all disturbing accidents.
我们更容易从艺术作品中获得理念，而不是直接从自然和现实世界中获得，这是因为艺术家只知道理念，而不再了解实际情况，因此在他的作品中再现了纯粹的理念，将其从实际中抽象出来，省略了所有令人不安的事故。
The artist lets us see the world through his eyes.
艺术家让我们通过他的眼睛看到世界。
That he has these eyes, that he knows the inner nature of things apart from all their relations, is the gift of genius, is inborn; but that he is able to lend us this gift, to let us see with his eyes, is acquired, and is the technical side of art.
他有这样的眼睛，他知道事物的内在本质，不考虑它们的所有关系，这是天才的礼物，是与生俱来的。但他能够借给我们这份礼物，让我们用他的眼睛去看，这是后天习得的，也是艺术的技术方面。
Therefore, after the account which I have given in the preceding pages of the inner nature of æsthetical knowledge in its most general outlines, the following more exact philosophical treatment of the beautiful and the sublime will explain them both, in nature and in art, without separating them further.
因此，在我在前几页中以最一般的轮廓描述了审美知识的内在本质之后，接下来对美和崇高的更精确的哲学处理将在自然和艺术中解释它们，而不需要解释它们。将他们进一步分开。
First of all we shall consider what takes place in a man when he is affected by the beautiful and the sublime; whether he derives this emotion directly from nature, from life, or partakes of it only through the medium of art, does not make any essential, but merely an external, difference.
首先我们要考虑一下，当一个人受到美丽和崇高的影响时，他会发生什么？无论他是直接从自然、生活中获得这种情感，还是仅通过艺术媒介来分享这种情感，都没有任何本质的区别，而只是外在的区别。
 § 38.
第38节。
In the æsthetical mode of contemplation we have found _two inseparable constituent parts_—the knowledge of the object, not as individual thing but as Platonic Idea, that is, as the enduring form of this whole species of things; and the self-consciousness of the knowing person, not as individual, but as _pure will-less subject of knowledge_.
在审美的沉思模式中，我们发现了“两个不可分割的组成部分”——对象的知识，不是作为个体事物，而是作为柏拉图理念，即作为整个事物种类的持久形式；以及认识者的自我意识，不是作为个人，而是作为_纯粹的无意志的知识主体_。
The condition under which both these constituent parts appear always united was found to be the abandonment of the method of knowing which is bound to the principle of sufficient reason, and which, on the other hand, is the only kind of knowledge that is of value for the service of the will and also for science.
人们发现，这两个组成部分总是统一的条件是放弃认识方法，这种方法受充分理由原则的约束，而另一方面，认识方法是唯一有价值的知识。为意志服务，也为科学服务。
Moreover, we shall see that the pleasure which is produced by the contemplation of the beautiful arises from these two constituent parts, sometimes more from the one, sometimes more from the other, according to what the object of the æsthetical contemplation may be.
此外，我们还将看到，对美的沉思所产生的快乐是由这两个组成部分产生的，有时更多地来自一个部分，有时更多地来自另一个部分，这取决于审美沉思的对象是什么。
 All _willing_ arises from want, therefore from deficiency, and therefore from suffering.
所有的“愿意”都源于匮乏，因此源于缺乏，因此源于痛苦。
The satisfaction of a wish ends it; yet for one wish that is satisfied there remain at least ten which are denied.
愿望的满足就结束了；然而，即使有一个愿望得到满足，至少还有十个愿望未能实现。
Further, the desire lasts long, the demands are infinite; the satisfaction is short and scantily measured out.
此外，欲望是长久的，要求是无限的；满足感是短暂且难以衡量的。
But even the final satisfaction is itself only apparent; every satisfied wish at once makes room for a new one; both are illusions; the one is known to be so, the other not yet.
但即使是最终的满足感本身也只是表面的。每一个满足的愿望都会立即为新的愿望腾出空间；两者都是幻象；一个已知是这样，另一个还没有。
No attained object of desire can give lasting satisfaction, but merely a fleeting gratification; it is like the alms thrown to the beggar, that keeps him alive to-day that his misery may be prolonged till the morrow.
任何达到的欲望目标都不能带来持久的满足，而只能带来短暂的满足。就像施舍给乞丐一样，让他今天活下来，而他的痛苦可能会延续到明天。
Therefore, so long as our consciousness is filled by our will, so long as we are given up to the throng of desires with their constant hopes and fears, so long as we are the subject of willing, we can never have lasting happiness nor peace.
因此，只要我们的意识被意志所充满，只要我们屈服于欲望的洪流，以及它们不断的希望和恐惧，只要我们是意志的主体，我们就永远不可能拥有持久的幸福和平静。 。
It is essentially all the same whether we pursue or flee, fear injury or seek enjoyment; the care for the constant demands of the will, in whatever form it may be, continually occupies and sways the consciousness; but without peace no true well-being is possible.
无论我们是追赶还是逃跑、害怕受伤还是寻求享受，本质上都是一样的；对意志的不断要求的关心，无论以何种形式，都不断地占据并影响着意识；但没有和平，就不可能有真正的福祉。
The subject of willing is thus constantly stretched on the revolving wheel of Ixion, pours water into the sieve of the Danaids, is the ever-longing Tantalus.
意志的主体就这样在伊克西翁的转轮上不断地伸展，将水倒入丹奈德斯的筛子里，就是永远渴望的坦塔罗斯。
 But when some external cause or inward disposition lifts us suddenly out of the endless stream of willing, delivers knowledge from the slavery of the will, the attention is no longer directed to the motives of willing, but comprehends things free from their relation to the will, and thus observes them without personal interest, without subjectivity, purely objectively, gives itself entirely up to them so far as they are ideas, but not in so far as they are motives.
但是，当某种外在原因或内在倾向突然将我们从无尽的意志中解放出来，将知识从意志的奴役中解放出来时，我们的注意力就不再集中在意志的动机上，而是脱离了与意志的关系来理解事物。 ，从而不带个人兴趣、不带主观性、纯粹客观地观察它们，就它们是观念而言，而不是就它们是动机而言，完全屈服于它们。
Then all at once the peace which we were always seeking, but which always fled from us on the former path of the desires, comes to us of its own accord, and it is well with us.
然后突然间，我们一直在寻求、但总是在以前的欲望道路上逃离我们的平安，突然自动来到我们身边，我们感到很幸福。
It is the painless state which Epicurus prized as the highest good and as the state of the gods; for we are for the moment set free from the miserable striving of the will; we keep the Sabbath of the penal servitude of willing; the wheel of Ixion stands still.
这是一种无痛的状态，被伊壁鸠鲁视为最高的善和众神的状态。因为我们暂时摆脱了意志的痛苦挣扎。我们遵守自愿劳役的安息日；伊克西翁的轮子静止不动。
 But this is just the state which I described above as necessary for the knowledge of the Idea, as pure contemplation, as sinking oneself in perception, losing oneself in the object, forgetting all individuality, surrendering that kind of knowledge which follows the principle of sufficient reason, and comprehends only relations; the state by means of which at once and inseparably the perceived particular thing is raised to the Idea of its whole species, and the knowing individual to the pure subject of will-less knowledge, and as such they are both taken out of the stream of time and all other relations.
但这正是我在上面所描述的对于理念的知识所必需的状态，作为纯粹的沉思，作为自己沉浸在知觉中，迷失在对象中，忘记所有个体性，放弃那种遵循充分性原则的知识。理性，只理解关系；通过这种状态，所感知的特定事物立即不可分割地提升为整个物种的理念，而认识的个体则提升为无意志知识的纯粹主体，因此，它们都被从时间和所有其他关系。
It is then all one whether we see the sun set from the prison or from the palace.
无论是从监狱还是从宫殿看日落，都是一回事。
 Inward disposition, the predominance of knowing over willing, can produce this state under any circumstances.
内在性格，即认知对意愿的支配，在任何情况下都可能产生这种状态。
This is shown by those admirable Dutch artists who directed this purely objective perception to the most insignificant objects, and established a lasting monument of their objectivity and spiritual peace in their pictures of _still life_, which the æsthetic beholder does not look on without emotion; for they present to him the peaceful, still, frame of mind of the artist, free from will, which was needed to contemplate such insignificant things so objectively, to observe them so attentively, and to repeat this perception so intelligently; and as the picture enables the onlooker to participate in this state, his emotion is often increased by the contrast between it and the unquiet frame of mind, disturbed by vehement willing, in which he finds himself.
那些令人钦佩的荷兰艺术家就证明了这一点，他们将这种纯粹客观的感知指向最微不足道的物体，并在他们的静物画中建立了他们的客观性和精神平静的永久纪念碑，审美观者在观看静物画时不会没有情感；因为它们向他呈现了艺术家平和、静止、不受意志束缚的心境，需要这种心境才能如此客观地思考这些微不足道的事物，如此专注地观察它们，并如此明智地重复这种感知；当图片使旁观者能够参与到这种状态时，他的情感往往会因为它与他发现自己所处的不安宁的心境之间的对比而增强，心境被强烈的意愿所扰乱。
In the same spirit, landscape-painters, and particularly Ruisdael, have often painted very insignificant country scenes, which produce the same effect even more agreeably.
本着同样的精神，风景画家，尤其是鲁伊斯达尔，经常画一些非常微不足道的乡村场景，这产生了同样的效果，甚至更令人愉快。
 All this is accomplished by the inner power of an artistic nature alone; but that purely objective disposition is facilitated and assisted from without by suitable objects, by the abundance of natural beauty which invites contemplation, and even presses itself upon us.
这一切都是靠艺术本质的内在力量来完成的；但是，这种纯粹的客观性情是通过适当的物体、通过引人沉思的丰富的自然美而从外部得到促进和帮助的，甚至将其自身压在我们身上。
Whenever it discloses itself suddenly to our view, it almost always succeeds in delivering us, though it may be only for a moment, from subjectivity, from the slavery of the will, and in raising us to the state of pure knowing.
每当它突然向我们展示自己时，它几乎总是成功地把我们从主观性、意志的奴役中解救出来，尽管可能只是片刻，并将我们提升到纯粹认识的状态。
This is why the man who is tormented by passion, or want, or care, is so suddenly revived, cheered, and restored by a single free glance into nature: the storm of passion, the pressure of desire and fear, and all the miseries of willing are then at once, and in a marvellous manner, calmed and appeased.
这就是为什么一个被激情、匮乏或忧虑折磨的人，只要一瞥大自然，就会突然苏醒、欢呼和恢复：激情的风暴，欲望和恐惧的压力，以及所有的痛苦。然后，所有的意愿立刻就会以一种奇妙的方式平静下来并得到安抚。
For at the moment at which, freed from the will, we give ourselves up to pure will-less knowing, we pass into a world from which everything is absent that influenced our will and moved us so violently through it.
因为当我们从意志中解放出来，让自己屈服于纯粹的无意志的认识时，我们就进入了一个世界，在这个世界中，影响我们的意志并强烈地推动我们通过它的一切都消失了。
This freeing of knowledge lifts us as wholly and entirely away from all that, as do sleep and dreams; happiness and unhappiness have disappeared; we are no longer individual; the individual is forgotten; we are only pure subject of knowledge; we are only that _one_ eye of the world which looks out from all knowing creatures, but which can become perfectly free from the service of will in man alone.
这种知识的解放让我们彻底远离这一切，就像睡眠和梦境一样。快乐和不快乐都消失了；我们不再是个体；个人被遗忘；我们只是知识的纯粹主体；我们只是世界上唯一的一只眼睛，它从所有有知觉的生物中向外看，但它可以完全摆脱人类意志的服务。
Thus all difference of individuality so entirely disappears, that it is all the same whether the perceiving eye belongs to a mighty king or to a wretched beggar; for neither joy nor complaining can pass that boundary with us.
这样，所有的个性差异就完全消失了，无论感知的眼睛属于强大的国王还是属于可怜的乞丐，都是一样的。因为无论是喜乐还是抱怨都无法跨越我们的界限。
So near us always lies a sphere in which we escape from all our misery; but who has the strength to continue long in it? As soon as any single relation to our will, to our person, even of these objects of our pure contemplation, comes again into consciousness, the magic is at an end; we fall back into the knowledge which is governed by the principle of sufficient reason; we know no longer the Idea, but the particular thing, the link of a chain to which we also belong, and we are again abandoned to all our woe.
我们身边总是存在着一个可以让我们摆脱一切痛苦的领域。但谁有力量继续在其中长久下去呢？一旦与我们的意志、与我们的人、甚至与我们纯粹沉思的这些对象的任何单一关系再次进入意识，魔法就结束了；我们又回到了受充分理由原则支配的知识；我们不再知道理念，而是知道特定的事物，我们也属于链条的一环，我们再次被遗弃在所有的悲惨之中。
Most men remain almost always at this standpoint because they entirely lack objectivity, _i.e._, genius.
大多数人几乎总是保持这种立场，因为他们完全缺乏客观性，即天才。
Therefore they have no pleasure in being alone with nature; they need company, or at least a book.
因此，他们不喜欢与大自然独处；他们需要陪伴，或者至少需要一本书。
For their knowledge remains subject to their will; they seek, therefore, in objects, only some relation to their will, and whenever they see anything that has no such relation, there sounds within them, like a ground bass in music, the constant inconsolable cry, “It is of no use to me;” thus in solitude the most beautiful surroundings have for them a desolate, dark, strange, and hostile appearance.
因为他们的知识仍然受制于他们的意志；因此，他们在物体中只寻求与他们的意志有某种联系，每当他们看到任何与他们的意志没有这种关系的东西时，他们的内心就会发出声音，就像音乐中的低音低音一样，不断地令人沮丧的呼喊：“我;”因此，在孤独中，即使是最美丽的环境，对他们来说也是荒凉、黑暗、陌生和充满敌意的。
 Lastly, it is this blessedness of will-less perception which casts an enchanting glamour over the past and distant, and presents them to us in so fair a light by means of self-deception.
最后，正是这种无意志感知的幸福，给过去和遥远的事物蒙上了迷人的魅力，并通过自欺欺人的方式将它们以如此公平的眼光呈现在我们面前。
For as we think of days long gone by, days in which we lived in a distant place, it is only the objects which our fancy recalls, not the subject of will, which bore about with it then its incurable sorrows just as it bears them now; but they are forgotten, because since then they have often given place to others.
因为，当我们想起早已过去的日子，想起我们在遥远地方生活的日子时，只有我们想象中回忆起的物体，而不是意志的主体，才带来了无法治愈的悲伤，就像它承载着它们一样。现在;但他们被遗忘了，因为从那时起他们常常让位给其他人。
Now, objective perception acts with regard to what is remembered just as it would in what is present, if we let it have influence over us, if we surrendered ourselves to it free from will.
现在，如果我们让客观知觉对我们产生影响，如果我们不受意志地屈服于它，那么客观知觉就会对记忆中的事物起作用，就像它在当下的事物中一样。
Hence it arises that, especially when we are more than ordinarily disturbed by some want, the remembrance of past and distant scenes suddenly flits across our minds like a lost paradise.
因此，特别是当我们受到某种需求的困扰时，对过去和遥远场景的记忆突然像失落的天堂一样掠过我们的脑海。
The fancy recalls only what was objective, not what was individually subjective, and we imagine that that objective stood before us then just as pure and undisturbed by any relation to the will as its image stands in our fancy now; while in reality the relation of the objects to our will gave us pain then just as it does now.
幻想只回忆起客观的东西，而不是个人主观的东西，我们想象那个客观的东西当时站在我们面前，就像它现在想象中的形象一样纯粹，不受与意志的任何关系的干扰；而实际上，物体与我们意志的关系在当时给我们带来了痛苦，就像现在一样。
We can deliver ourselves from all suffering just as well through present objects as through distant ones whenever we raise ourselves to a purely objective contemplation of them, and so are able to bring about the illusion that only the objects are present and not we ourselves.
只要我们将自己提升到对它们进行纯粹客观的沉思，我们就可以通过当前的物体和遥远的物体一样将自己从所有痛苦中解脱出来，从而能够产生一种幻觉，即只有物体在场，而不是我们自己。
Then, as the pure subject of knowledge, freed from the miserable self, we become entirely one with these objects, and, for the moment, our wants are as foreign to us as they are to them.
然后，作为纯粹的知识主体，从悲惨的自我中解放出来，我们与这些客体完全合而为一，而就目前而言，我们的需求对我们来说就像对他们一样陌生。
The world as idea alone remains, and the world as will has disappeared.
仅作为观念的世界依然存在，而作为意志的世界则消失了。
 In all these reflections it has been my object to bring out clearly the nature and the scope of the subjective element in æsthetic pleasure; the deliverance of knowledge from the service of the will, the forgetting of self as an individual, and the raising of the consciousness to the pure will-less, timeless, subject of knowledge, independent of all relations.
在所有这些反思中，我的目的是清楚地阐明审美愉悦中主观因素的本质和范围。将知识从意志的服务中解放出来，忘记作为个体的自我，并将意识提升到纯粹的无意志的、永恒的、独立于所有关系的知识主体。
With this subjective side of æsthetic contemplation, there must always appear as its necessary correlative the objective side, the intuitive comprehension of the Platonic Idea.
有了审美沉思的主观方面，必然总是出现客观方面，即对柏拉图理念的直观理解，作为其必然的关联。
But before we turn to the closer consideration of this, and to the achievements of art in relation to it, it is better that we should pause for a little at the subjective side of æsthetic pleasure, in order to complete our treatment of this by explaining the impression of the _sublime_ which depends altogether upon it, and arises from a modification of it.
但在我们更仔细地考虑这一点以及与之相关的艺术成就之前，我们最好在审美愉悦的主观方面稍作停留，以便通过解释来完成我们对这一点的处理。崇高的印象完全依赖于它，并且产生于它的修改。
After that we shall complete our investigation of æsthetic pleasure by considering its objective side.
之后，我们将通过考虑其客观方面来完成对审美愉悦的研究。
 But we must first add the following remarks to what has been said.
但我们首先必须在上述内容的基础上添加以下评论。
Light is the pleasantest and most gladdening of things; it has become the symbol of all that is good and salutary.
光是最令人愉快、最令人高兴的事物；它已成为一切美好和有益的事物的象征。
In all religions it symbolises salvation, while darkness symbolises damnation.
在所有宗教中，它象征着拯救，而黑暗则象征着诅咒。
Ormuzd dwells in the purest light, Ahrimines in eternal night.
奥尔穆兹德居住在最纯净的光明中，阿里米涅居住在永恒的黑夜中。
Dante’s Paradise would look very much like Vauxhall in London, for all the blessed spirits appear as points of light and arrange themselves in regular figures.
但丁的天堂看起来很像伦敦的沃克斯豪尔，因为所有受祝福的灵魂都以光点的形式出现，并以规则的图形排列。
The very absence of light makes us sad; its return cheers us.
光的缺失就让我们感到悲伤；它的回归让我们欢呼。
Colours excite directly a keen delight, which reaches its highest degree when they are transparent.
颜色直接激发出强烈的愉悦感，当它们是透明的时，这种愉悦感达到最高程度。
All this depends entirely upon the fact that light is the correlative and condition of the most perfect kind of knowledge of perception, the only knowledge which does not in any way affect the will.
所有这一切完全取决于这样一个事实：光是最完美的知觉知识的相关物和条件，是唯一不以任何方式影响意志的知识。
For sight, unlike the affections of the other senses, cannot, in itself, directly and through its sensuous effect, make the _sensation_ of the special organ agreeable or disagreeable; that is, it has no immediate connection with the will.
因为视觉与其他感官的情感不同，它本身不能直接地通过其感官效果使特殊器官的感觉变得愉快或不愉快；也就是说，它与意志没有直接的联系。
Such a quality can only belong to the perception which arises in the understanding, and then it lies in the relation of the object to the will.
这种性质只能属于在知性中产生的知觉，然后它存在于对象与意志的关系中。
In the case of hearing this is to some extent otherwise; sounds can give pain directly, and they may also be sensuously agreeable, directly and without regard to harmony or melody.
就听力而言，情况在某种程度上并非如此；声音可以直接给人痛苦，而且它们也可以直接地带来感官上的愉悦，而不考虑和声或旋律。
Touch, as one with the feeling of the whole body, is still more subordinated to this direct influence upon the will; and yet there is such a thing as a sensation of touch which is neither painful nor pleasant.
触觉与整个身体的感觉是一体的，它更服从于这种对意志的直接影响。然而，有一种东西叫触感，它既不痛苦也不愉快。
But smells are always either agreeable or disagreeable, and tastes still more so.
但气味总是要么令人愉快，要么令人不快，味道更是如此。
Thus the last two senses are most closely related to the will, and therefore they are always the most ignoble, and have been called by Kant the subjective senses.
因此，后两种感觉与意志关系最为密切，因而总是最卑鄙的，被康德称为主观感觉。
The pleasure which we experience from light is in fact only the pleasure which arises from the objective possibility of the purest and fullest perceptive knowledge, and as such it may be traced to the fact that pure knowledge, freed and delivered from all will, is in the highest degree pleasant, and of itself constitutes a large part of æsthetic enjoyment.
我们从光中体验到的快乐实际上只是从最纯粹和最充分的感知知识的客观可能性中产生的快乐，因此可以追溯到这样一个事实：从一切意志中解放出来的纯粹知识存在于其中。最高程度的愉悦，其本身就构成了审美享受的很大一部分。
Again, we must refer to this view of light the incredible beauty which we associate with the reflection of objects in water.
再次，我们必须将这种光的观点与我们与水中物体的反射联系在一起的令人难以置信的美丽联系在一起。
That lightest, quickest, finest species of the action of bodies upon each other, that to which we owe by far the completest and purest of our perceptions, the action of reflected rays of light, is here brought clearly before our eyes, distinct and perfect, in cause and in effect, and indeed in its entirety, hence the æsthetic delight it gives us, which, in the most important aspect, is entirely based on the subjective ground of æsthetic pleasure, and is delight in pure knowing and its method.
物体之间的最轻、最快、最精细的作用，我们迄今为止最完整和最纯粹的感知，即反射光线的作用，在这里清晰地呈现在我们眼前，清晰而完美，在原因和结果上，实际上在其整体上，因此它给我们带来了审美愉悦，在最重要的方面，这种审美愉悦完全基于审美愉悦的主观基础，并且是对纯粹认识及其方法的愉悦。
 § 39.
第39节。
All these reflections are intended to bring out the subjective part of æsthetic pleasure; that is to say, that pleasure so far as it consists simply of delight in perceptive knowledge as such, in opposition to will.
所有这些反思都是为了带出审美愉悦的主观部分；也就是说，快乐就其本身而言只是对感知知识本身的快乐，而不是意志。
And as directly connected with this, there naturally follows the explanation of that disposition or frame of mind which has been called the sense of the _sublime_.
与此直接相关的是，自然而然地对被称为“崇高”感的性格或心态进行了解释。
 We have already remarked above that the transition to the state of pure perception takes place most easily when the objects bend themselves to it, that is, when by their manifold and yet definite and distinct form they easily become representatives of their Ideas, in which beauty, in the objective sense, consists.
我们在上面已经说过，当物体屈从于纯粹知觉状态时，也就是说，当它们以其多种多样但又明确而独特的形式很容易成为其理念的代表时，最容易发生向纯粹知觉状态的过渡，其中美，在客观意义上，包括。
This quality belongs pre-eminently to natural beauty, which thus affords even to the most insensible at least a fleeting æsthetic satisfaction: indeed it is so remarkable how especially the vegetable world invites æsthetic observation, and, as it were, presses itself upon it, that one might say, that these advances are connected with the fact that these organisms, unlike the bodies of animals, are not themselves immediate objects of knowledge, and therefore require the assistance of a foreign intelligent individual in order to rise out of the world of blind will and enter the world of idea, and that thus they long, as it were, for this entrance, that they may attain at least indirectly what is denied them directly.
这种品质极其属于自然美，因此即使是最麻木不仁的人至少也能获得短暂的审美满足：确实，植物世界特别吸引审美观察，并且可以说，将自己压在它上面，这是非常引人注目的，有人可能会说，这些进步与这样一个事实有关：这些有机体与动物的身体不同，它们本身并不是知识的直接对象，因此需要外国智能个体的帮助才能摆脱这个世界。盲目的意志并进入观念的世界，因此他们可以说渴望进入这个入口，以便他们至少可以间接地获得他们直接拒绝的东西。
But I leave this suggestion which I have hazarded, and which borders perhaps upon extravagance, entirely undecided, for only a very intimate and devoted consideration of nature can raise or justify it.(51) As long as that which raises us from the knowledge of mere relations subject to the will, to æsthetic contemplation, and thereby exalts us to the position of the subject of knowledge free from will, is this fittingness of nature, this significance and distinctness of its forms, on account of which the Ideas individualised in them readily present themselves to us; so long is it merely _beauty_ that affects us and the sense of the _beautiful_ that is excited.
但我留下了我所冒险的这个建议，它可能接近于奢侈，完全没有决定，因为只有对自然的非常亲密和专注的考虑才能提出或证明它的合理性。（51）只要那些使我们从知识中提升的东西纯粹的关系服从于意志、审美沉思，从而将我们提升到不受意志约束的知识主体的地位，这就是自然的适应性、其形式的意义和独特性，正是由于这些关系，观念在它们中个性化了。随时向我们展示自己；长期以来，影响我们的只是“美”以及令人兴奋的“美”感。
But if these very objects whose significant forms invite us to pure contemplation, have a hostile relation to the human will in general, as it exhibits itself in its objectivity, the human body, if they are opposed to it, so that it is menaced by the irresistible predominance of their power, or sinks into insignificance before their immeasurable greatness; if, nevertheless, the beholder does not direct his attention to this eminently hostile relation to his will, but, although perceiving and recognising it, turns consciously away from it, forcibly detaches himself from his will and its relations, and, giving himself up entirely to knowledge, quietly contemplates those very objects that are so terrible to the will, comprehends only their Idea, which is foreign to all relation, so that he lingers gladly over its contemplation, and is thereby raised above himself, his person, his will, and all will:—in that case he is filled with the sense of the _sublime_, he is in the state of spiritual exaltation, and therefore the object producing such a state is called _sublime_.
但是，如果这些其重要形式邀请我们进行纯粹沉思的物体，与一般人类意志（如其客观性所表现出来的那样）存在敌对关系，那么人体（如果它们反对它）就会受到威胁他们的力量具有不可抗拒的优势，或者在他们不可估量的伟大面前变得微不足道；然而，如果旁观者没有将注意力集中在这种与他的意志极为敌对的关系上，而是尽管感知并认识到它，但有意识地远离它，强行将自己从他的意志及其关系中分离出来，并且完全放弃自己知识，安静地沉思那些对意志来说如此可怕的物体，只理解它们的理念，而理念对于所有关系来说都是陌生的，因此他高兴地徘徊在它的沉思中，从而超越了他自己，他的人，他的意志，所有人都会：——在这种情况下，他充满了_崇高_的感觉，他处于精神崇高的状态，因此产生这种状态的物体被称为_崇高_。
Thus what distinguishes the sense of the sublime from that of the beautiful is this: in the case of the beautiful, pure knowledge has gained the upper hand without a struggle, for the beauty of the object, _i.e._, that property which facilitates the knowledge of its Idea, has removed from consciousness without resistance, and therefore imperceptibly, the will and the knowledge of relations which is subject to it, so that what is left is the pure subject of knowledge without even a remembrance of will.
因此，崇高感与美感的区别在于：在美的情况下，纯粹的知识不费吹灰之力就占据了上风，因为对象的美，即，它的属性促进了对其理念的认识，毫无抵抗地、因此不知不觉地从意识中消除了意志和受其支配的关系知识，因此剩下的是纯粹的知识主体，甚至没有意志的记忆。
On the other hand, in the case of the sublime that state of pure knowledge is only attained by a conscious and forcible breaking away from the relations of the same object to the will, which are recognised as unfavourable, by a free and conscious transcending of the will and the knowledge related to it.
另一方面，在崇高的情况下，纯粹知识的状态只有通过有意识地、强制地摆脱同一对象与意志的关系（这种关系被认为是不利的），通过自由地、有意识地超越意志和与之相关的知识。
 This exaltation must not only be consciously won, but also consciously retained, and it is therefore accompanied by a constant remembrance of will; yet not of a single particular volition, such as fear or desire, but of human volition in general, so far as it is universally expressed in its objectivity the human body.
这种提升不仅必须有意识地获得，而且必须有意识地保留，因此它伴随着意志的不断记住；但不是单一特定的意志，例如恐惧或欲望，而是人类的一般意志，只要它普遍地以其客观性——人体来表达。
If a single real act of will were to come into consciousness, through actual personal pressure and danger from the object, then the individual will thus actually influenced would at once gain the upper hand, the peace of contemplation would become impossible, the impression of the sublime would be lost, because it yields to the anxiety, in which the effort of the individual to right itself has sunk every other thought.
如果一个真实的意志行为通过来自客体的实际个人压力和危险而进入意识，那么受到实际影响的个人意志就会立即占据上风，沉思的平静将变得不可能，印象崇高将会消失，因为它屈服于焦虑，在这种焦虑中，个人纠正自身的努力已经淹没了所有其他思想。
A few examples will help very much to elucidate this theory of the æsthetic sublime and remove all doubt with regard to it; at the same time they will bring out the different degrees of this sense of the sublime.
几个例子将非常有助于阐明这种审美崇高理论并消除对此的所有疑问；同时他们也会不同程度地带出这种崇高感。
It is in the main identical with that of the beautiful, with pure will-less knowing, and the knowledge, that necessarily accompanies it of Ideas out of all relation determined by the principle of sufficient reason, and it is distinguished from the sense of the beautiful only by the additional quality that it rises above the known hostile relation of the object contemplated to the will in general.
它在大体上与美的意义相同，具有纯粹的无意志的认识和知识，它必然伴随着它的理念脱离了充分理性原则所确定的所有关系，并且它与美的意义区别开来。美丽仅在于它超越了所设想的对象与一般意志的已知敌对关系之上的附加品质。
Thus there come to be various degrees of the sublime, and transitions from the beautiful to the sublime, according as this additional quality is strong, bold, urgent, near, or weak, distant, and merely indicated.
因此，根据这种额外的品质是强的、大胆的、紧急的、近的、弱的、遥远的和仅仅指示的，崇高有不同的程度，以及从美丽到崇高的过渡。
I think it is more in keeping with the plan of my treatise, first to give examples of these transitions, and of the weaker degrees of the impression of the sublime, although persons whose æsthetical susceptibility in general is not very great, and whose imagination is not very lively, will only understand the examples given later of the higher and more distinct grades of that impression; and they should therefore confine themselves to these, and pass over the examples of the very weak degrees of the sublime that are to be given first.
我认为，首先给出这些转变的例子，以及崇高印象的较弱程度的例子，更符合我论文的计划，尽管那些人的审美敏感性总体上不是很大，想象力也很丰富。不是很活泼，只能理解后面给出的例子，该印象的等级更高、更明显；因此，他们应该仅限于这些，而忽略首先给出的崇高程度非常弱的例子。
 As man is at once impetuous and blind striving of will (whose pole or focus lies in the genital organs), and eternal, free, serene subject of pure knowing (whose pole is the brain); so, corresponding to this antithesis, the sun is both the source of _light_, the condition of the most perfect kind of knowledge, and therefore of the most delightful of things—and the source of _warmth_, the first condition of life, _i.e._, of all phenomena of will in its higher grades.
因为人既是冲动而盲目的意志追求（其极点或焦点在于生殖器官），又是永恒、自由、宁静的纯粹认知主体（其极点是大脑）；因此，与这一对立相对应的是，太阳既是_光_的源泉，是最完美的知识的条件，因此也是最令人愉快的事物的条件，也是_温暖_的源泉，生命的首要条件，_即._，所有较高等级的意志现象。
Therefore, what warmth is for the will, light is for knowledge.
因此，温暖之于意志，光明之于知识。
Light is the largest gem in the crown of beauty, and has the most marked influence on the knowledge of every beautiful object.
光是美丽皇冠上最大的宝石，对每一个美丽物体的认识都有最显着的影响。
Its presence is an indispensable condition of beauty; its favourable disposition increases the beauty of the most beautiful.
它的存在是美丽不可或缺的条件；它的良好性格增加了最美丽的美丽。
Architectural beauty more than any other object is enhanced by favourable light, though even the most insignificant things become through its influence most beautiful.
建筑之美比任何其他物体都更能通过有利的光线而增强，尽管即使是最微不足道的事物也会通过它的影响而变得最美丽。
If, in the dead of winter, when all nature is frozen and stiff, we see the rays of the setting sun reflected by masses of stone, illuminating without warming, and thus favourable only to the purest kind of knowledge, not to the will; the contemplation of the beautiful effect of the light upon these masses lifts us, as does all beauty, into a state of pure knowing.
如果，在隆冬，当所有的大自然都冰冻僵硬时，我们看到夕阳的光芒被石头堆反射，照亮而不温暖，因此只利于最纯粹的知识，而不是意志；与所有美一样，对光线在这些物体上产生的美丽效果的沉思将我们提升到一种纯粹认知的状态。
But, in this case, a certain transcending of the interests of the will is needed to enable us to rise into the state of pure knowing, because there is a faint recollection of the lack of warmth from these rays, that is, an absence of the principle of life; there is a slight challenge to persist in pure knowing, and to refrain from all willing, and therefore it is an example of a transition from the sense of the beautiful to that of the sublime.
但是，在这种情况下，我们需要对意志利益进行一定程度的超越，才能进入纯粹认知的状态，因为我们隐约记得这些光线缺乏温暖，也就是说，缺乏做人的原则；坚持纯粹的认识并克制一切意愿是有一点挑战的，因此它是从美感过渡到崇高感的一个例子。
It is the faintest trace of the sublime in the beautiful; and beauty itself is indeed present only in a slight degree.
这是美丽中最微弱的崇高痕迹；而美本身确实只存在于轻微的程度。
The following is almost as weak an example.
下面的例子几乎同样弱。
 Let us imagine ourselves transported to a very lonely place, with unbroken horizon, under a cloudless sky, trees and plants in the perfectly motionless air, no animals, no men, no running water, the deepest silence.
让我们想象自己被运送到一个非常孤独的地方，地平线一望无际，万里无云的天空下，树木和植物在完全静止的空气中，没有动物，没有人，没有流水，只有最深的寂静。
Such surroundings are, as it were, a call to seriousness and contemplation, apart from all will and its cravings; but this is just what imparts to such a scene of desolate stillness a touch of the sublime.
这样的环境可以说是一种对严肃和沉思的召唤，远离所有的意志和渴望。但这正是给这片荒凉寂静的景象增添了一丝崇高的感觉。
For, because it affords no object, either favourable or unfavourable, for the will which is constantly in need of striving and attaining, there only remains the state of pure contemplation, and whoever is incapable of this, is ignominiously abandoned to the vacancy of unoccupied will, and the misery of ennui.
因为，因为它没有为不断需要奋斗和实现的意志提供任何目标，无论是有利的还是不利的，所以只剩下纯粹沉思的状态，而无论谁做不到这一点，都会被可耻地抛弃在空虚的状态中。意志，以及厌倦的痛苦。
So far it is a test of our intellectual worth, of which, generally speaking, the degree of our power of enduring solitude, or our love of it, is a good criterion.
到目前为止，它是对我们智力价值的考验，一般来说，我们忍受孤独的能力或我们对孤独的热爱程度是一个很好的标准。
The scene we have sketched affords us, then, an example of the sublime in a low degree, for in it, with the state of pure knowing in its peace and all-sufficiency, there is mingled, by way of contrast, the recollection of the dependence and poverty of the will which stands in need of constant action.
那么，我们所描绘的场景为我们提供了一个低程度的崇高的例子，因为在它的平静和充足的纯粹认知状态中，通过对比，混合了对意志的依赖和贫乏，需要不断的行动。
This is the species of the sublime for which the sight of the boundless prairies of the interior of North America is celebrated.
这是崇高的物种，北美内陆无边无际的大草原的景色值得庆祝。
 But let us suppose such a scene, stripped also of vegetation, and showing only naked rocks; then from the entire absence of that organic life which is necessary for existence, the will at once becomes uneasy, the desert assumes a terrible aspect, our mood becomes more tragic; the elevation to the sphere of pure knowing takes place with a more decided tearing of ourselves away from the interests of the will; and because we persist in continuing in the state of pure knowing, the sense of the sublime distinctly appears.
但让我们假设这样一个场景，植被也被剥夺了，只露出裸露的岩石；然后，由于生存所必需的有机生命完全消失，意志立刻变得不安，沙漠呈现出可怕的面貌，我们的心情变得更加悲惨；当我们更加坚决地脱离意志的利益时，我们就会提升到纯粹认识的境界。由于我们坚持持续在纯粹认知的状态中，崇高感就清晰地显现出来。
 The following situation may occasion this feeling in a still higher degree: Nature convulsed by a storm; the sky darkened by black threatening thunder-clouds; stupendous, naked, overhanging cliffs, completely shutting out the view; rushing, foaming torrents; absolute desert; the wail of the wind sweeping through the clefts of the rocks.
以下情况可能会更强烈地引起这种感觉：大自然因暴风雨而震动；天空被黑色的、威胁性的雷雨云遮蔽了。巨大的、裸露的、悬垂的悬崖，完全挡住了视线；汹涌澎湃的激流；绝对的沙漠；风吹过岩石缝隙的哀嚎。
Our dependence, our strife with hostile nature, our will broken in the conflict, now appears visibly before our eyes.
我们的依赖，我们与敌对自然的冲突，我们在冲突中破碎的意志，现在清晰地出现在我们眼前。
Yet, so long as the personal pressure does not gain the upper hand, but we continue in æsthetic contemplation, the pure subject of knowing gazes unshaken and unconcerned through that strife of nature, through that picture of the broken will, and quietly comprehends the Ideas even of those objects which are threatening and terrible to the will.
然而，只要个人压力不占上风，而我们继续进行审美沉思，纯粹的认识主体就不会动摇、漠不关心地凝视着自然的纷争，透过破碎的意志的图景，静静地领会理念。即使是那些对意志有威胁和可怕的物体。
In this contrast lies the sense of the sublime.
在这种对比中蕴藏着崇高感。
 But the impression becomes still stronger, if, when we have before our eyes, on a large scale, the battle of the raging elements, in such a scene we are prevented from hearing the sound of our own voice by the noise of a falling stream; or, if we are abroad in the storm of tempestuous seas, where the mountainous waves rise and fall, dash themselves furiously against steep cliffs, and toss their spray high into the air; the storm howls, the sea boils, the lightning flashes from black clouds, and the peals of thunder drown the voice of storm and sea.
但是，如果当我们亲眼目睹大规模的狂暴元素的战斗时，在这样的场景中，我们会因为流水的噪音而听不到自己的声音，那么这种印象就会变得更加强烈。 ;或者，如果我们身处狂风暴雨的大海中，那里的山峦起伏，猛烈地撞击陡峭的悬崖，将浪花高高地抛向空中；暴风雨呼啸，大海沸腾，闪电从乌云中闪过，雷声淹没了暴风雨和大海的声音。
Then, in the undismayed beholder, the two-fold nature of his consciousness reaches the highest degree of distinctness.
然后，在不惊慌的旁观者中，他的意识的双重本质达到了最高程度的清晰。
He perceives himself, on the one hand, as an individual, as the frail phenomenon of will, which the slightest touch of these forces can utterly destroy, helpless against powerful nature, dependent, the victim of chance, a vanishing nothing in the presence of stupendous might; and, on the other hand, as the eternal, peaceful, knowing subject, the condition of the object, and, therefore, the supporter of this whole world; the terrific strife of nature only his idea; the subject itself free and apart from all desires and necessities, in the quiet comprehension of the Ideas.
一方面，他认为自己是一个个体，是一种脆弱的意志现象，这些力量的最轻微的接触就可以彻底摧毁他，在强大的自然面前无助，依赖，偶然的受害者，在存在的情况下消失的虚无。威力惊人；另一方面，作为永恒的、平和的、认知的主体，客体的状况，因此，是整个世界的支持者；大自然的剧烈冲突只是他的想法；主体本身是自由的，远离所有的欲望和必需品，在对理念的安静理解中。
This is the complete impression of the sublime.
这就是崇高的完整印象。
Here he obtains a glimpse of a power beyond all comparison superior to the individual, threatening it with annihilation.
在这里，他瞥见了一种超越个人的力量，威胁着个体的毁灭。
 The impression of the sublime may be produced in quite another way, by presenting a mere immensity in space and time; its immeasurable greatness dwindles the individual to nothing.
崇高的印象可以通过完全不同的方式产生，通过在空间和时间上呈现一个巨大的空间。它的不可估量的伟大使个体变得微不足道。
Adhering to Kant’s nomenclature and his accurate division, we may call the first kind the dynamical, and the second the mathematical sublime, although we entirely dissent from his explanation of the inner nature of the impression, and can allow no share in it either to moral reflections, or to hypostases from scholastic philosophy.
遵循康德的命名法和他准确的划分，我们可以将第一种称为动态的，将第二种称为数学崇高的，尽管我们完全不同意他对印象内在本质的解释，并且不能允许道德上的任何分享。反思，或来自经院哲学的本质。
 If we lose ourselves in the contemplation of the infinite greatness of the universe in space and time, meditate on the thousands of years that are past or to come, or if the heavens at night actually bring before our eyes innumerable worlds and so force upon our consciousness the immensity of the universe, we feel ourselves dwindle to nothing; as individuals, as living bodies, as transient phenomena of will, we feel ourselves pass away and vanish into nothing like drops in the ocean.
如果我们迷失在宇宙在空间和时间上的无限伟大的沉思中，冥想过去或未来的数千年，或者如果夜晚的天空实际上将无数的世界呈现在我们的眼前，从而迫使我们当我们意识到宇宙的浩瀚时，我们会感到自己变得渺小至无。作为个体，作为生命体，作为短暂的意志现象，我们感到自己消失了，像大海中的水滴一样消失殆尽。
But at once there rises against this ghost of our own nothingness, against such lying impossibility, the immediate consciousness that all these worlds exist only as our idea, only as modifications of the eternal subject of pure knowing, which we find ourselves to be as soon as we forget our individuality, and which is the necessary supporter of all worlds and all times the condition of their possibility.
但是，与我们自身虚无的幽灵、与这种谎言的不可能性相比，立即出现了一种直接的意识：所有这些世界都仅作为我们的观念而存在，仅作为纯粹认识的永恒主体的修改而存在，我们发现自己一旦成为纯粹认识的永恒主体，就会出现这种感觉。当我们忘记我们的个性时，我们的个性是所有世界和所有时代其可能性的条件的必要支持者。
The vastness of the world which disquieted us before, rests now in us; our dependence upon it is annulled by its dependence upon us.
以前令我们不安的广阔世界，现在已在我们身边；我们对它的依赖被它对我们的依赖所抵消。
All this, however, does not come at once into reflection, but shows itself merely as the felt consciousness that in some sense or other (which philosophy alone can explain) we are one with the world, and therefore not oppressed, but exalted by its immensity.
然而，所有这一切并没有立刻得到反思，而仅仅表现为一种感觉意识，即在某种意义上（只有哲学可以解释），我们与世界合而为一，因此并没有受到压迫，而是因世界而得到提升。巨大。
It is the felt consciousness of this that the Upanishads of the Vedas repeatedly express in such a multitude of different ways; very admirably in the saying already quoted: _Hæ omnes creaturæ in totum ego sum, et præter me aliud ens non est_ (Oupnek’hat, vol.
吠陀经的奥义书以多种不同的方式反复表达的正是这种感觉意识。非常令人钦佩的是已经引用的一句话：_Hæ omnes creaturæ in totum ego sum, et præter me aliud ens non est_（Oupnek'hat，卷。
i.
我。
p.
p。
122.) It is the transcending of our own individuality, the sense of the sublime.
122.) 这是对我们自身个性的超越，是崇高的感觉。
 We receive this impression of the mathematical-sublime, quite directly, by means of a space which is small indeed as compared with the world, but which has become directly perceptible to us, and affects us with its whole extent in all its three dimensions, so as to make our own body seem almost infinitely small.
我们非常直接地通过一个与世界相比确实很小的空间来接受数学崇高的印象，但它已经变得可以直接感知，并在所有三个维度上以整个范围影响我们，从而使我们自己的身体看起来几乎无限小。
An empty space can never be thus perceived, and therefore never an open space, but only space that is directly perceptible in all its dimensions by means of the limits which enclose it; thus for example a very high, vast dome, like that of St.
一个空的空间永远不可能被这样感知，因此也永远不会是一个开放的空间，而只能是通过包围它的界限在其所有维度上直接感知的空间；例如，一个非常高、巨大的圆顶，就像圣约翰教堂的圆顶一样。
Peter’s at Rome, or St.
圣彼得在罗马，或圣彼得大教堂。
Paul’s in London.
保罗在伦敦。
The sense of the sublime here arises through the consciousness of the vanishing nothingness of our own body in the presence of a vastness which, from another point of view, itself exists only in our idea, and of which we are as knowing subject, the supporter.
这里的崇高感是通过意识到我们自己的身体在浩瀚的存在下消失的虚无而产生的，从另一个角度来看，它本身只存在于我们的观念中，而我们是它的认知主体、支持者。 。
Thus here as everywhere it arises from the contrast between the insignificance and dependence of ourselves as individuals, as phenomena of will, and the consciousness of ourselves as pure subject of knowing.
因此，这里和其他地方一样，它产生于我们作为个体、作为意志现象的微不足道和依赖与作为纯粹认识主体的我们自己的意识之间的对比。
Even the vault of the starry heaven produces this if it is contemplated without reflection; but just in the same way as the vault of stone, and only by its apparent, not its real extent.
如果不加思考地思考，即使是星空的穹顶也会产生这种效果；但就像石拱顶一样，只是其表面的范围，而不是其实际的范围。
Some objects of our perception excite in us the feeling of the sublime because, not only on account of their spatial vastness, but also of their great age, that is, their temporal duration, we feel ourselves dwarfed to insignificance in their presence, and yet revel in the pleasure of contemplating them: of this kind are very high mountains, the Egyptian pyramids, and colossal ruins of great antiquity.
我们感知到的某些物体会激发我们崇高的感觉，因为不仅因为它们的空间广阔，而且因为它们的悠久历史，即它们的时间持续时间，我们感到自己在它们面前显得微不足道，但陶醉在沉思它们的乐趣中：诸如此类的高山、埃及金字塔和伟大古代的巨大废墟。
 Our explanation of the sublime applies also to the ethical, to what is called the sublime character.
我们对崇高的解释也适用于道德，即所谓的崇高品格。
Such a character arises from this, that the will is not excited by objects which are well calculated to excite it, but that knowledge retains the upper hand in their presence.
由此产生这样一种特征：意志不会被精心设计的能够激发意志的物体所激发，但知识在它们的存在中占据了上风。
A man of sublime character will accordingly consider men in a purely objective way, and not with reference to the relations which they might have to his will; he will, for example, observe their faults, even their hatred and injustice to himself, without being himself excited to hatred; he will behold their happiness without envy; he will recognise their good qualities without desiring any closer relations with them; he will perceive the beauty of women, but he will not desire them.
因此，一个具有崇高品格的人会以纯粹客观的方式来看待人，而不是考虑他们可能与他的意志之间的关系。例如，他会观察他们的过失，甚至他们对自己的仇恨和不公正，但他自己却不会因仇恨而激动。他会看到他们的幸福而不嫉妒；他会认识到他们的优点，但并不希望与他们建立更密切的关系；他会感知女人的美丽，但不会渴望她们。
His personal happiness or unhappiness will not greatly affect him, he will rather be as Hamlet describes Horatio:—               “...
他个人的幸福或不幸不会对他产生太大影响，他宁愿像哈姆雷特描述霍雷肖那样：“……
for thou hast been,     As one, in suffering all, that suffers nothing;     A man that fortune’s buffets and rewards     Hast ta’en with equal thanks,” &c.
因为你，作为一个整体，在受苦中，却一无所受；一个人，命运的打击和回报哈斯特·塔恩同样的感谢，“等等。
(A.
（A。
3
3
Sc.
科学。
2.)   For in the course of his own life and its misfortunes, he will consider less his individual lot than that of humanity in general, and will therefore conduct himself in its regard, rather as knowing than as suffering.
2.) 因为在他自己的一生及其不幸的过程中，他不会考虑自己的个人命运，而会考虑整个人类的命运，因此，他会根据人类的命运来行事，而不是把自己视为受苦的人，而不是了解的人。
 § 40.
第40节。
Opposites throw light upon each other, and therefore the remark may be in place here, that the proper opposite of the sublime is something which would not at the first glance be recognised, as such: _the charming_ or _attractive_.
对立的事物互相辉映，因此这里的评论可能是恰当的，即崇高的正确对立面是乍一看不会被识别的东西，例如：“迷人的”或“有吸引力的”。
By this, however, I understand, that which excites the will by presenting to it directly its fulfilment, its satisfaction.
然而，我由此理解，通过直接向意志呈现意志的实现和满足来激发意志。
We saw that the feeling of the sublime arises from the fact, that something entirely unfavourable to the will, becomes the object of pure contemplation, so that such contemplation can only be maintained by persistently turning away from the will, and transcending its interests; this constitutes the sublimity of the character.
我们看到，崇高的感觉源于这样一个事实，即某种完全不利于意志的东西成为纯粹沉思的对象，因此这种沉思只能通过坚持不懈地远离意志并超越其利益来维持；这构成了人物的崇高性。
The charming or attractive, on the contrary, draws the beholder away from the pure contemplation which is demanded by all apprehension of the beautiful, because it necessarily excites this will, by objects which directly appeal to it, and thus he no longer remains pure subject of knowing, but becomes the needy and dependent subject of will.
相反，迷人或吸引人的事物使观看者远离纯粹的沉思，而这种沉思是所有对美的理解所要求的，因为它必然通过直接吸引它的物体来激发这种意志，因此他不再是纯粹的主体的知识，但成为意志的需要和依赖的主体。
That every beautiful thing which is bright or cheering should be called charming, is the result of a too general concept, which arises from a want of accurate discrimination, and which I must entirely set aside, and indeed condemn.
一切明亮或令人振奋的美丽事物都应该被称为迷人，这是一种过于笼统的概念的结果，这种概念源于缺乏准确的辨别力，我必须完全抛弃它，甚至谴责它。
But in the sense of the word which has been given and explained, I find only two species of the charming or attractive in the province of art, and both of them are unworthy of it.
但就这个词的给出和解释而言，我发现艺术领域中只有两种迷人或吸引人的东西，而且它们都配不上它。
The one species, a very low one, is found in Dutch paintings of still life, when they err by representing articles of food, which by their deceptive likeness necessarily excite the appetite for the things they represent, and this is just an excitement of the will, which puts an end to all æsthetic contemplation of the object.
在荷兰静物画中发现了一种非常低等的物种，它们错误地表现了食物，这些食物由于其欺骗性的相似性必然会激发人们对它们所代表的事物的食欲，而这只是对食物的兴奋。意志，它结束了对客体的所有审美沉思。
Painted fruit is yet admissible, because we may regard it as the further development of the flower, and as a beautiful product of nature in form and colour, without being obliged to think of it as eatable; but unfortunately we often find, represented with deceptive naturalness, prepared and served dishes, oysters, herrings, crabs, bread and butter, beer, wine, and so forth, which is altogether to be condemned.
彩绘的水果仍然是可以接受的，因为我们可以将其视为花朵的进一步发展，并且视为自然在形状和颜色上的美丽产物，而不必认为它是可以食用的；但不幸的是，我们经常发现，以欺骗性的自然性来代表准备和供应的菜肴、牡蛎、鲱鱼、螃蟹、面包和黄油、啤酒、葡萄酒等等，这是完全应该受到谴责的。
In historical painting and in sculpture the charming consists in naked figures, whose position, drapery, and general treatment are calculated to excite the passions of the beholder, and thus pure æsthetical contemplation is at once annihilated, and the aim of art is defeated.
在历史绘画和雕塑中，魅力在于裸体人物，其位置、衣饰和总体处理都是为了激发观看者的激情，因此纯粹的审美沉思立即被消灭，艺术的目的也落空了。
This mistake corresponds exactly to that which we have just censured in the Dutch paintings.
这个错误与我们刚才谴责的荷兰绘画的错误完全一致。
The ancients are almost always free from this fault in their representations of beauty and complete nakedness of form, because the artist himself created them in a purely objective spirit, filled with ideal beauty, not in the spirit of subjective, and base sensuality.
古人在表现美和完全赤裸的形式上几乎总是没有这种缺陷，因为艺术家本人是在纯粹客观的精神中创造它们的，充满了理想的美，而不是在主观的精神和卑鄙的肉欲中。
The charming is thus everywhere to be avoided in art.
因此，在艺术中，魅力无处不在。
 There is also a negative species of the charming or exciting which is even more reprehensible than the positive form which has been discussed; this is the disgusting or the loathsome.
还有一种迷人或令人兴奋的消极形式，它比我们已经讨论过的积极形式更应受到谴责。这就是令人厌恶或可憎的。
It arouses the will of the beholder, just as what is properly speaking charming, and therefore disturbs pure æsthetic contemplation.
它会激起观看者的意志，正如严格意义上的迷人一样，因此扰乱了纯粹的审美沉思。
But it is an active aversion and opposition which is excited by it; it arouses the will by presenting to it objects which it abhors.
但它所激发的是一种积极的厌恶和反对；它通过向意志呈现它所厌恶的物体来激发意志。
Therefore it has always been recognised that it is altogether inadmissible in art, where even what is ugly, when it is not disgusting, is allowable in its proper place, as we shall see later.
因此，人们总是认识到，它在艺术中是完全不允许的，即使是丑陋的东西，当它不令人厌恶时，在它适当的位置上也是允许的，正如我们稍后将看到的。
 § 41.
第41节。
The course of the discussion has made it necessary to insert at this point the treatment of the sublime, though we have only half done with the beautiful, as we have considered its subjective side only.
讨论的过程使得有必要在这一点上插入对崇高的处理，尽管我们对美丽的处理只完成了一半，因为我们只考虑了它的主观方面。
For it was merely a special modification of this subjective side that distinguished the beautiful from the sublime.
因为正是这种主观方面的特殊修改才区分了美丽和崇高。
This difference was found to depend upon whether the state of pure will-less knowing, which is presupposed and demanded by all æsthetic contemplation, was reached without opposition, by the mere disappearance of the will from consciousness, because the object invited and drew us towards it; or whether it was only attained through the free, conscious transcending of the will, to which the object contemplated had an unfavourable and even hostile relation, which would destroy contemplation altogether, if we were to give ourselves up to it.
人们发现，这种差异取决于纯粹的无意志认知的状态，这是所有审美沉思所预设和要求的，是否通过意志从意识中的纯粹消失而毫无阻力地达到，因为对象邀请并吸引我们走向它;或者它是否只能通过自由的、有意识的超越意志来实现，而沉思的对象与意志有着不利的甚至敌对的关系，如果我们屈服于沉思，就会完全摧毁沉思。
This is the distinction between the beautiful and the sublime.
这就是美丽与崇高的区别。
In the object they are not essentially different, for in every case the object of æsthetical contemplation is not the individual thing, but the Idea in it which is striving to reveal itself; that is to say, adequate objectivity of will at a particular grade.
在对象上，它们并没有本质上的不同，因为在每种情况下，审美沉思的对象都不是个体事物，而是其中努力揭示自身的理念；也就是说，在特定年级，意志具有足够的客观性。
Its necessary correlative, independent, like itself of the principle of sufficient reason, is the pure subject of knowing; just as the correlative of the particular thing is the knowing individual, both of which lie within the province of the principle of sufficient reason.
它的必然相关性、独立性，就像充足理由原则本身一样，是纯粹的认识主体；正如特定事物的相关物是认识的个体一样，两者都属于充分理由原则的范围。
 When we say that a thing is _beautiful_, we thereby assert that it is an object of our æsthetic contemplation, and this has a double meaning; on the one hand it means that the sight of the thing makes us _objective_, that is to say, that in contemplating it we are no longer conscious of ourselves as individuals, but as pure will-less subjects of knowledge; and on the other hand it means that we recognise in the object, not the particular thing, but an Idea; and this can only happen, so far as our contemplation of it is not subordinated to the principle of sufficient reason, does not follow the relation of the object to anything outside it (which is always ultimately connected with relations to our own will), but rests in the object itself.
当我们说某事物是“美丽的”时，我们就断言它是我们审美沉思的对象，这具有双重含义；一方面，它意味着对事物的看法使我们变得“客观”，也就是说，在思考它时，我们不再意识到自己是个体，而是纯粹的无意志的知识主体；另一方面，它意味着我们在对象中认识到的不是特定的事物，而是一个理念；只有当我们对它的思考不服从充分理由原则，不遵循对象与其外部任何事物的关系（这最终总是与我们自己的意志的关系相关）时，这种情况才会发生，但是停留在物体本身。
For the Idea and the pure subject of knowledge always appear at once in consciousness as necessary correlatives, and on their appearance all distinction of time vanishes, for they are both entirely foreign to the principle of sufficient reason in all its forms, and lie outside the relations which are imposed by it; they may be compared to the rainbow and the sun, which have no part in the constant movement and succession of the falling drops.
因为理念和知识的纯粹主体总是作为必然的关联物同时出现在意识中，并且在它们出现时，所有时间的区别都消失了，因为它们都与一切形式的充分理性原则完全陌生，并且位于理性之外。由它强加的关系；它们可以比作彩虹和太阳，它们与不断运动和连续落下的水滴无关。
Therefore, if, for example, I contemplate a tree æsthetically, _i.e._, with artistic eyes, and thus recognise, not it, but its Idea, it becomes at once of no consequence whether it is this tree or its predecessor which flourished a thousand years ago, and whether the observer is this individual or any other that lived anywhere and at any time; the particular thing and the knowing individual are abolished with the principle of sufficient reason, and there remains nothing but the Idea and the pure subject of knowing, which together constitute the adequate objectivity of will at this grade.
因此，举例来说，如果我用审美的眼光（即用艺术的眼睛）凝视一棵树，并因此认识到的不是它，而是它的理念，那么无论是这棵树还是它的前身，我立刻就变得无关紧要了。一千年前就已盛行，无论观察者是这个人还是任何其他生活在任何地方、任何时间的人；特定的事物和认识的个体在充足理由原则下被废除，只剩下理念和纯粹的认识主体，它们共同构成了这一等级的意志的充分客观性。
And the Idea dispenses not only with time, but also with space, for the Idea proper is not this special form which appears before me but its expression, its pure significance, its inner being, which discloses itself to me and appeals to me, and which may be quite the same though the spatial relations of its form be very different.
而且理念不仅省去了时间，而且省去了空间，因为理念本身并不是出现在我面前的这种特殊形式，而是它的表达，它的纯粹意义，它的内在存在，它向我展示自己并吸引我，并且尽管其形式的空间关系有很大不同，但它们可能完全相同。
 Since, on the one hand, every given thing may be observed in a.
因为，一方面，每个给定的事物都可以在 a 中观察到。
purely objective manner and apart from all relations; and since, on the other hand, the will manifests itself in everything at some grade of its objectivity, so that everything is the expression of an Idea; it follows that everything is also _beautiful_.
纯粹客观的方式，脱离一切关系；另一方面，由于意志在某种程度的客观性上表现在一切事物中，因此一切事物都是理念的表达。由此可见，一切都是_美丽_的。
That even the most insignificant things admit of pure objective and will-less contemplation, and thus prove that they are beautiful, is shown by what was said above in this reference about the Dutch pictures of still-life (§ 38).
即使是最微不足道的事物也可以接受纯粹客观和无意志的沉思，从而证明它们是美丽的，这在上面关于荷兰静物画的参考文献中已经表明（§ 38）。
But one thing is more beautiful than another, because it makes this pure objective contemplation easier, it lends itself to it, and, so to speak, even compels it, and then we call it very beautiful.
但一件事比另一件事更美，因为它使这种纯粹的客观沉思变得更容易，它适合它，可以说，甚至强迫它，然后我们称之为非常美。
This is the case sometimes because, as an individual thing, it expresses in its purity the Idea of its species by the very distinct, clearly defined, and significant relation of its parts, and also fully reveals that Idea through the completeness of all the possible expressions of its species united in it, so that it makes the transition from the individual thing to the Idea, and therefore also the condition of pure contemplation, very easy for the beholder.
有时会出现这种情况，因为，作为一个单独的事物，它通过其各部分之间非常独特、明确定义和重要的关系，以纯粹的方式表达了其物种的理念，并且还通过所有可能的完整性充分揭示了该理念。它的物种的表达在其中联合起来，因此它使得从个体事物到理念的转变，因此对于观看者来说也很容易达到纯粹沉思的状态。
Sometimes this possession of special beauty in an object lies in the fact that the Idea itself which appeals to us in it is a high grade of the objectivity of will, and therefore very significant and expressive.
有时，物体之所以具有特殊的美感，是因为物体中吸引我们的理念本身就是高度的意志客观性，因此非常重要和富有表现力。
Therefore it is that man is more beautiful than all other objects, and the revelation of his nature is the highest aim of art.
因此，人比一切物体都美，而艺术的最高目的就是揭示人的本性。
Human form and expression are the most important objects of plastic art, and human action the most important object of poetry.
人类的形态和表达是造型艺术最重要的对象，人类的行为是诗歌最重要的对象。
Yet each thing has its own peculiar beauty, not only every organism which expresses itself in the unity of an individual being, but also everything unorganised and formless, and even every manufactured article.
然而，每一样东西都有其独特的美，不仅是每一个以个体存在的统一体表达自己的有机体，而且还有一切无组织和无形的东西，甚至每一件制成品。
For all these reveal the Ideas through which the will objectifies itself at its lowest grades, they give, as it were, the deepest resounding bass-notes of nature.
因为所有这些都揭示了意志在最低等级中将自身客观化的理念，它们可以说是赋予了自然最深沉的低音音符。
Gravity, rigidity, fluidity, light, and so forth, are the Ideas which express themselves in rocks, in buildings, in waters.
重力、刚性、流动性、光等等，都是在岩石、建筑物、水中表达自己的理念。
Landscape-gardening or architecture can do no more than assist them to unfold their qualities distinctly, fully, and variously; they can only give them the opportunity of expressing themselves purely, so that they lend themselves to æsthetic contemplation and make it easier.
园林或建筑无非是帮助它们清晰、全面、多样地展现它们的品质；只能给他们纯粹表达自己的机会，让他们更容易进行审美沉思。
Inferior buildings or ill-favoured localities, on the contrary, which nature has neglected or art has spoiled, perform this task in a very slight degree or not at all; yet even from them these universal, fundamental Ideas of nature cannot altogether disappear.
相反，那些被大自然忽视或被艺术破坏的低劣建筑或不利地点，只能在很小的程度上完成这项任务，或者根本不完成这项任务。然而，即使从他们身上，这些普遍的、基本的自然观念也不能完全消失。
To the careful observer they present themselves here also, and even bad buildings and the like are capable of being æsthetically considered; the Ideas of the most universal properties of their materials are still recognisable in them, only the artificial form which has been given them does not assist but hinders æsthetic contemplation.
对于细心的观察者来说，它们也在这里出现，甚至糟糕的建筑之类的也能够被审美地考虑；他们的材料的最普遍属性的理念仍然可以在其中被识别，只是赋予它们的人工形式并没有帮助，而是阻碍了审美沉思。
Manufactured articles also serve to express Ideas, only it is not the Idea of the manufactured article which speaks in them, but the Idea of the material to which this artificial form has been given.
制成品也可以用来表达理念，只不过它们所表达的不是制成品的理念，而是被赋予这种人造形式的材料的理念。
This may be very conveniently expressed in two words, in the language of the schoolmen, thus,—the manufactured article expresses the Idea of its _forma substantialis_, but not that of its _forma accidentalis_; the latter leads to no Idea, but only to a human conception of which it is the result.
这可以很方便地用经院学者的语言用两个词来表达，因此，——制造品表达了其_形式实质_的理念，而不是其_形式偶然_的理念；后者不会导致任何理念，而只能导致人类的观念，而它是其结果。
It is needless to say that by manufactured article no work of plastic art is meant.
不用说，制成品并不是指造型艺术作品。
The schoolmen understand, in fact, by _forma substantialis_ that which I call the grade of the objectification of will in a thing.
事实上，经院学者们所理解的“实质形式”就是我所说的事物意志客观化的程度。
We shall return immediately, when we treat of architecture, to the Idea of the material.
当我们讨论建筑时，我们将立即回到材料的理念。
Our view, then, cannot be reconciled with that of Plato if he is of opinion that a table or a chair express the Idea of a table or a chair (De Rep., x., pp.
那么，如果柏拉图认为一张桌子或一把椅子表达了一张桌子或一把椅子的理念，那么我们的观点就不能与柏拉图的观点相一致（De Rep.，x.，pp.
284, 285, et Parmen., p.
284、285 等人，第 284 页。
79, ed.
79，编辑。
Bip.), but we say that they express the Ideas which are already expressed in their mere material as such.
Bip.），但我们说它们表达了已经在其纯粹材料中表达的思想。
According to Aristotle (Metap.
根据亚里士多德的说法（Metap.
xi., chap.
第十一章
3), however, Plato himself only maintained Ideas of natural objects: ὁ Πλατων εφη, ὁτι ειδη εστιν ὁποσα φυσει (_Plato dixit, quod ideæ eorum sunt, quæ natura sunt_), and in chap.
3）然而，柏拉图本人只坚持自然物体的理念：柏拉图说，“Plato dixit, quod ideæ eorum sunt, qua natura sunt_”，并在第 3 章中提到。
5 he says that, according to the Platonists, there are no Ideas of house and ring.
5 他说，根据柏拉图主义者的说法，不存在房屋和戒指的观念。
In any case, Plato’s earliest disciples, as Alcinous informs us (_Introductio __ in Platonicam Philosophiam_, chap.
无论如何，正如阿尔西诺斯告诉我们的那样，柏拉图最早的弟子（《柏拉图哲学导论》，第 1 章）
9), denied that there were any ideas of manufactured articles.
9），否认有任何制造物品的想法。
He says: Ὁριζονται δε την ιδεαν, παραδειγμα των κατα φυσιν αιωνιον.
他说：他们看到了这个想法，这是永恒自然的一个例子。
Ουτε γαρ τοις πλειστοις των απο Πλατωνος αρεσκει, των τεχνικων ειναι ιδεας, οἱον ασπιδος η λυρας, ουτε μην των παρα φυσιν, οἱον πυρετου και χολερας, ουτε των κατα μερος, οἱον Σωκρατους και Πλατωνος, αλλ᾽ ουτε των ευτελων τινος, οἱον ρυπου και καρφους, ουτε των προς τι, οἱον μειζονος και ὑπερεχοντος; ειναι γαρ τας ιδεας νοησεις θεου αιωνιους τε και αυτοτελεις (_Definiunt autem_ IDEAM _exemplar æternum eorum, quæ secundum naturam existunt.
大多数来自柏拉图的人也不喜欢它，对技术人员来说，它是一个想法，盾牌或七弦琴，也不是超自然，发烧和霍乱的那些，他们两者都不分开，苏格拉底和柏拉图，但两者都不是卑微的，污垢和钉子，还是什么，最伟大和最丰富的？因为上帝的观念是永恒和独立的（_Definiunt autem_ IDEAM _exemplar æternum eorum, quæ secundum naturam exitunt。
Nam plurimis ex iis, qui Platonem secuti sunt, minime placuit, arte factorum ideas esse, ut clypei atque lyræ; neque rursus eorum, quæ prætor naturam, ut febris et choleræ, neque particularium, ceu Socratis et Platonis; neque etiam rerum vilium, veluti sordium et festucæ; neque relationum, ut majoris et excedentis: esse namque ideas intellectiones dei æternas, ac seipsis perfectas_).
因为大多数追随柏拉图的人根本不同意思想是由艺术创造的，例如盾牌和竖琴。同样，也不是那些以性质为前提的事物，如热病和霍乱，也不是那些以细节为前提的事物，如苏格拉底和柏拉图；甚至也不喜欢廉价的东西，比如泥土和花生；也不是关系，更伟大和超越：因为上帝理解的观念是永恒的，而且本身是完美的）。
We may take this opportunity of mentioning another point in which our doctrine of Ideas differs very much from that of Plato.
我们可以借此机会提及我们的理念学说与柏拉图的理念学说非常不同的另一点。
He teaches (De Rep., x., p.
他教书（De Rep.，x.，p.11）
288) that the object which art tries to express, the ideal of painting and poetry, is not the Idea but the particular thing.
288）艺术试图表达的对象，绘画和诗歌的理想，不是理念，而是特定的事物。
Our whole exposition hitherto has maintained exactly the opposite, and Plato’s opinion is the less likely to lead us astray, inasmuch as it is the source of one of the greatest and best known errors of this great man, his depreciation and rejection of art, and especially poetry; he directly connects his false judgment in reference to this with the passage quoted.
迄今为止，我们的整个论述一直坚持完全相反的观点，柏拉图的观点不太可能使我们误入歧途，因为它是这位伟人最大和最著名的错误之一的根源，即他对艺术的贬低和拒绝，以及对艺术的贬低和拒绝。尤其是诗歌；他直接将他对此的错误判断与所引用的段落联系起来。
 § 42.
第42节。
I return to the exposition of the æsthetic impression.
我回到审美印象的阐述上来。
The knowledge of the beautiful always supposes at once and inseparably the pure knowing subject and the known Idea as object.
美的知识总是同时且不可分割地假定纯粹的认知主体和作为客体的已知理念。
Yet the source of æsthetic satisfaction will sometimes lie more in the comprehension of the known Idea, sometimes more in the blessedness and spiritual peace of the pure knowing subject freed from all willing, and therefore from all individuality, and the pain that proceeds from it.
然而，审美满足的源泉有时更多地在于对已知理念的理解，有时更多地在于纯粹认知主体的幸福和精神平静，摆脱了所有的意愿，因此也摆脱了所有的个性，以及由此产生的痛苦。
And, indeed, this predominance of one or the other constituent part of æsthetic feeling will depend upon whether the intuitively grasped Idea is a higher or a lower grade of the objectivity of will.
事实上，美感的一个或另一个组成部分的这种主导地位将取决于直觉掌握的理念是意志客观性的较高还是较低等级。
Thus in æsthetic contemplation (in the real, or through the medium of art) of the beauty of nature in the inorganic and vegetable worlds, or in works of architecture, the pleasure of pure will-less knowing will predominate, because the Ideas which are here apprehended are only low grades of the objectivity of will, and are therefore not manifestations of deep significance and rich content.
因此，在无机和植物世界或建筑作品中对自然之美的审美沉思（在现实中，或通过艺术媒介）中，纯粹的无意志认知的乐趣将占主导地位，因为这里所理解的只是低级的意志客观性，因此并不是具有深刻意义和丰富内容的表现。
On the other hand, if animals and man are the objects of æsthetic contemplation or representation, the pleasure will consist rather in the comprehension of these Ideas, which are the most distinct revelation of will; for they exhibit the greatest multiplicity of forms, the greatest richness and deep significance of phenomena, and reveal to us most completely the nature of will, whether in its violence, its terribleness, its satisfaction or its aberration (the latter in tragic situations), or finally in its change and self-surrender, which is the peculiar theme of christian painting; as the Idea of the will enlightened by full knowledge is the object of historical painting in general, and of the drama.
另一方面，如果动物和人是审美沉思或再现的对象，那么乐趣就在于对这些观念的理解，它们是意志最明显的揭示；因为它们展示了现象的最丰富的形式、最丰富的内容和最深刻的意义，并向我们最完整地揭示了意志的本质，无论是其暴力、其可怕、其满足还是其失常（后者在悲剧情况下），或者最终在变化和自我屈服中，这是基督教绘画特有的主题；因为受充分知识启发的意志观念是一般历史绘画和戏剧的对象。
We shall now go through the fine arts one by one, and this will give completeness and distinctness to the theory of the beautiful which we have advanced.
现在我们将一一研究美术，这将使我们所提出的美理论变得完整和明确。
 § 43.
第43节。
Matter as such cannot be the expression of an Idea.
物质本身不能是理念的表达。
For, as we found in the first book, it is throughout nothing but causality: its being consists in its casual action.
因为，正如我们在第一本书中发现的那样，它自始至终都只是因果关系：它的存在在于它的偶然行为。
But causality is a form of the principle of sufficient reason; knowledge of the Idea, on the other hand, absolutely excludes the content of that principle.
但因果关系是充足理由原则的一种形式。另一方面，对理念的了解绝对排除了该原则的内容。
We also found, in the second book, that matter is the common substratum of all particular phenomena of the Ideas, and consequently is the connecting link between the Idea and the phenomenon, or the particular thing.
我们在第二本书中还发现，物质是理念的所有特定现象的共同基础，因此是理念与现象或特定事物之间的联系纽带。
Accordingly for both of these reasons it is impossible that matter can for itself express any Idea.
因此，由于这两个原因，物质本身不可能表达任何理念。
This is confirmed _a posteriori_ by the fact that it is impossible to have a perceptible idea of matter as such, but only an abstract conception; in the former, _i.e._, in perceptible ideas are exhibited only the forms and qualities of which matter is the supporter, and in all of which Ideas reveal themselves.
这一点得到了后验的证实，因为不可能对物质本身有一个可感知的概念，而只能是一个抽象的概念。在前者中，即，在可感知的观念中，仅表现出以物质为支持者的形式和品质，而在所有这些观念中，观念都揭示了自己。
This corresponds also with the fact, that causality (the whole essence of matter) cannot for itself be presented perceptibly, but is merely a definite casual connection.
这也符合这样一个事实：因果关系（物质的全部本质）本身不能被感知地呈现，而仅仅是一种确定的偶然联系。
On the other hand, _every phenomenon_ of an Idea, because as such it has entered the form of the principle of sufficient reason, or the _principium individuationis_, must exhibit itself in matter, as one of its qualities.
另一方面，一个理念的“每一种现象”，因为它本身已经进入充分理由原则或“个体化原则”的形式，所以必须在物质中展现自己，作为其品质之一。
So far then matter is, as we have said, the connecting link between the Idea and the _principium individuationis_, which is the form of knowledge of the individual, or the principle of sufficient reason.
到目前为止，正如我们所说，物质是理念和个体化原则之间的纽带，个体化原则是个体的知识形式，或者说是充足理由的原则。
Plato is therefore perfectly right in his enumeration, for after the Idea and the phenomenon, which include all other things in the world, he gives matter only, as a third thing which is different from both (Timaus, p.
因此，柏拉图的列举是完全正确的，因为在理念和现象（包括世界上所有其他事物）之后，他只给出了物质，作为与两者不同的第三种事物（Timaus，p.11）。
345).
345）。
The individual, as a phenomenon of the Idea, is always matter.
个体，作为理念的一种现象，总是物质。
Every quality of matter is also the phenomenon of an Idea, and as such it may always be an object of æsthetic contemplation, _i.e._, the Idea expressed in it may always be recognised.
物质的每一种品质也是一种理念的现象，因此它可能永远是审美沉思的对象，也就是说，其中表达的理念永远可以被识别。
This holds good of even the most universal qualities of matter, without which it never appears, and which are the weakest objectivity of will.
这甚至适用于物质最普遍的性质，没有这些性质，物质就永远不会出现，并且这些性质是意志的最弱的客观性。
Such are gravity, cohesion, rigidity, fluidity, sensitiveness to light, and so forth.
例如重力、内聚力、刚性、流动性、对光的敏感性等等。
 If now we consider _architecture_ simply as a fine art and apart from its application to useful ends, in which it serves the will and not pure knowledge, and therefore ceases to be art in our sense; we can assign to it no other aim than that of bringing to greater distinctness some of those ideas, which are the lowest grades of the objectivity of will; such as gravity, cohesion, rigidity, hardness, those universal qualities of stone, those first, simplest, most inarticulate manifestations of will; the bass notes of nature; and after these light, which in many respects is their opposite.
如果现在我们将建筑简单地视为一门美术，而不考虑其对有用目的的应用，其中它服务于意志而不是纯粹的知识，因此就不再是我们意义上的艺术；我们不能赋予它任何其他目标，只是使其中一些观念更加清晰，这些观念是意志客观性的最低等级。例如重力、凝聚力、刚度、硬度，这些石头的普遍品质，那些最初、最简单、最难以言喻的意志表现；大自然的低音音符；在这些光之后，这在许多方面与它们相反。
Even at these low grades of the objectivity of will we see its nature revealing itself in discord; for properly speaking the conflict between gravity and rigidity is the sole æsthetic material of architecture; its problem is to make this conflict appear with perfect distinctness in a multitude of different ways.
即使意志的客观性处于低水平，我们也能看到它的本质是不和谐的。因为正确地说，重力和刚性之间的冲突是建筑唯一的美学材料；它的问题是让这种冲突以多种不同的方式清晰地显现出来。
It solves it by depriving these indestructible forces of the shortest way to their satisfaction, and conducting them to it by a circuitous route, so that the conflict is lengthened and the inexhaustible efforts of both forces become visible in many different ways.
它的解决办法是剥夺这些坚不可摧的力量获得满足的最短途径，并通过迂回的路线引导他们达到目的，从而使冲突被拉长，双方的不竭努力以许多不同的方式可见。
The whole mass of the building, if left to its original tendency, would exhibit a mere heap or clump, bound as closely as possible to the earth, to which gravity, the form in which the will appears here, continually presses, while rigidity, also objectivity of will, resists.
建筑物的整个质量，如果听之任之，就会呈现出一堆或一堆，尽可能紧密地与地球结合，重力，意志在这里出现的形式，不断地压迫着它，而刚性，还有意志的客观性，抵抗。
But this very tendency, this effort, is hindered by architecture from obtaining direct satisfaction, and only allowed to reach it indirectly and by roundabout ways.
但这种倾向、这种努力却被建筑所阻碍，无法获得直接的满足，而只能通过间接的、迂回的方式来达到。
The roof, for example, can only press the earth through columns, the arch must support itself, and can only satisfy its tendency towards the earth through the medium of the pillars, and so forth.
例如，屋顶只能通过柱子压住大地，拱门必须支撑自身，只能通过柱子作为媒介来满足其对大地的倾向，等等。
But just by these enforced digressions, just by these restrictions, the forces which reside in the crude mass of stone unfold themselves in the most distinct and multifarious ways; and the purely æsthetic aim of architecture can go no further than this.
但正是通过这些被迫的离题，正是通过这些限制，存在于粗石块中的力量以最独特和最多样的方式展现出来。建筑的纯粹审美目的也仅此而已。
Therefore the beauty, at any rate, of a building lies in the obvious adaptation of every part, not to the outward arbitrary end of man (so far the work belongs to practical architecture), but directly to the stability of the whole, to which the position, dimensions, and form of every part must have so necessary a relation that, where it is possible, if any one part were taken away, the whole would fall to pieces.
因此，无论如何，一座建筑的美在于每个部分的明显适应，而不是适应人类外在的任意目的（到目前为止，该作品属于实用建筑），而是直接依赖于整体的稳定性，这是每个部分的位置、尺寸和形式都必须有一种必要的关系，以至于只要有可能，如果去掉任何一个部分，整个整体就会支离破碎。
For just because each part bears just as much as it conveniently can, and each is supported just where it requires to be and just to the necessary extent, this opposition unfolds itself, this conflict between rigidity and gravity, which constitutes the life, the manifestation of will, in the stone, becomes completely visible, and these lowest grades of the objectivity of will reveal themselves distinctly.
因为正是因为每个部分都尽可能地承受了它可以方便地承受的重量，并且每个部分都在需要的地方和必要的程度上得到了支撑，所以这种对立就会自行展开，这种刚性与重力之间的冲突构成了生命、表现形式。意志在石头中变得完全可见，这些最低等级的意志客观性清晰地显现出来。
In the same way the form of each part must not be determined arbitrarily, but by its end, and its relation to the whole.
同样，每个部分的形式不能任意确定，而应根据其目的及其与整体的关系来确定。
The column is the simplest form of support, determined simply by its end: the twisted column is tasteless; the four-cornered pillar is in fact not so simple as the round column, though it happens that it is easier to make it.
柱子是最简单的支撑形式，简单地由它的末端决定：扭曲的柱子是无味的；四角柱其实并不像圆柱那么简单，虽然恰好更容易制作。
The forms also of frieze, rafter, roof, and dome are entirely determined by their immediate end, and explain themselves from it.
楣板、椽子、屋顶和圆顶的形式也完全由它们的直接末端决定，并从中解释它们自己。
The decoration of capitals, &c., belongs to sculpture, not to architecture, which admits it merely as extraneous ornament, and could dispense with it.
首都等的装饰属于雕塑，而不属于建筑，建筑仅将其视为无关的装饰，并且可以省去它。
According to what has been said, it is absolutely necessary, in order to understand the æsthetic satisfaction afforded by a work of architecture, to have immediate knowledge through perception of its matter as regards its weight, rigidity, and cohesion, and our pleasure in such a work would suddenly be very much diminished by the discovery that the material used was pumice-stone; for then it would appear to us as a kind of sham building.
根据前面所说的，为了理解建筑作品所带来的审美满足，绝对有必要通过感知其物质的重量、刚性和凝聚力来获得直接的知识，以及我们对这些的愉悦感。如果发现所使用的材料是浮石，那么一件作品就会突然大打折扣。因为那时它在我们看来就像是一座假建筑。
We would be affected in almost the same way if we were told that it was made of wood, when we had supposed it to be of stone, just because this alters and destroys the relation between rigidity and gravity, and consequently the significance and necessity of all the parts, for these natural forces reveal themselves in a far weaker degree in a wooden building.
如果我们被告知它是由木头制成的，而我们原本以为它是由石头制成的，那么我们也会以几乎相同的方式受到影响，因为这改变并破坏了刚性和重力之间的关系，从而改变和破坏了它的意义和必要性。所有部分，因为这些自然力量在木结构建筑中表现得要弱得多。
Therefore no real work of architecture as a fine art can be made of wood, although it assumes all forms so easily; this can only be explained by our theory.
因此，真正的建筑艺术作品不可能是用木头制成的，尽管它很容易呈现出各种形式。这只能用我们的理论来解释。
If we were distinctly told that a building, the sight of which gave us pleasure, was made of different kinds of material of very unequal weight and consistency, but not distinguishable to the eye, the whole building would become as utterly incapable of affording us pleasure as a poem in an unknown language.
如果我们被明确告知，一栋给我们带来愉悦感的建筑物是由不同种类的材料制成的，这些材料的重量和稠度非常不均，而且肉眼无法区分，那么整座建筑就会变得完全无法给我们带来愉悦感。就像一首未知语言的诗。
All this proves that architecture does not affect us mathematically, but also dynamically, and that what speaks to us through it, is not mere form and symmetry, but rather those fundamental forces of nature, those first Ideas, those lowest grades of the objectivity of will.
所有这些都证明，建筑不会在数学上影响我们，而且还会在动态上影响我们，通过它对我们说话的不仅仅是形式和对称性，而是那些自然的基本力量，那些最初的理念，那些最低等级的客观性。将要。
The regularity of the building and its parts is partly produced by the direct adaptation of each member to the stability of the whole, partly it serves to facilitate the survey and comprehension of the whole, and finally, regular figures to some extent enhance the beauty because they reveal the constitution of space as such.
建筑及其各部分的规则性，一方面是由于各构件对整体稳定性的直接适应而产生的，另一方面是为了便于观察和理解整体，最后，规则的图形在一定程度上增强了美感，因为它们揭示了空间本身的构成。
But all this is of subordinate value and necessity, and by no means the chief concern; indeed, symmetry is not invariably demanded, as ruins are still beautiful.
但所有这些都是次要的价值和必要性，绝不是主要关注点。事实上，对称性并不是一成不变的，因为废墟仍然很美丽。
 Works of architecture have further quite a special relation to light; they gain a double beauty in the full sunshine, with the blue sky as a background, and again they have quite a different effect by moonlight.
建筑作品与光也有着相当特殊的关系。在阳光充足的情况下，以蓝天为背景，它们有双重的美感，在月光的照射下，它们又呈现出截然不同的效果。
Therefore, when a beautiful work of architecture is to be erected, special attention is always paid to the effects of the light and to the climate.
因此，当要建造一座美丽的建筑作品时，总是要特别注意光线和气候的影响。
The reason of all this is, indeed, principally that all the parts and their relations are only made clearly visible by a bright, strong light; but besides this I am of opinion that it is the function of architecture to reveal the nature of light just as it reveals that of things so opposite to it as gravity and rigidity.
事实上，这一切的原因主要是，所有的部分及其关系只有在明亮、强光的照射下才能清晰可见。但除此之外，我认为建筑的功能是揭示光的本质，就像它揭示与光相反的事物（如重力和刚性）的本质一样。
For the light is intercepted, confined, and reflected by the great opaque, sharply outlined, and variously formed masses of stone, and thus it unfolds its nature and qualities in the purest and clearest way, to the great pleasure of the beholders, for light is the most joy-giving of things, as the condition and the objective correlative of the most perfect kind of knowledge of perception.
因为光被巨大的不透明的、轮廓分明的、形状各异的石块拦截、限制和反射，从而以最纯粹、最清晰的方式展现了它的本质和品质，给观看者带来了极大的乐趣。是最能给予人快乐的事物，是最完美的知觉知识的条件和客观关联。
 Now, because the Ideas which architecture brings to clear perception, are the lowest grades of the objectivity of will, and consequently their objective significance, which architecture reveals to us, is comparatively small; the æsthetic pleasure of looking at a beautiful building in a good light will lie, not so much in the comprehension of the Idea, as in the subjective correlative which accompanies this comprehension; it will consist pre-eminently in the fact that the beholder, set free from the kind of knowledge that belongs to the individual, and which serves the will and follows the principle of sufficient reason, is raised to that of the pure subject of knowing free from will.
现在，由于建筑所带来的清晰感知的理念是意志客观性的最低等级，因此建筑向我们揭示的客观意义相对较小；在良好的光线下观看一座美丽的建筑所带来的审美乐趣，与其说在于对理念的理解，不如说在于伴随着这种理解的主观关联；它主要在于这样一个事实：观看者从属于个人的知识中解放出来，这种知识服务于意志并遵循充足理由的原则，被提升为认识自由的纯粹主体。来自意志。
It will consist then principally in pure contemplation itself, free from all the suffering of will and of individuality.
那么它将主要由纯粹的沉思本身组成，摆脱了意志和个性的所有痛苦。
In this respect the opposite of architecture, and the other extreme of the series of the fine arts, is the drama, which brings to knowledge the most significant Ideas.
在这方面，建筑的对立面，也是美术系列的另一个极端，是戏剧，它给知识带来了最重要的思想。
Therefore in the æsthetic pleasure afforded by the drama the objective side is throughout predominant.
因此，在戏剧所带来的审美愉悦中，客观的一面始终占主导地位。
 Architecture has this distinction from plastic art and poetry: it does not give us a copy but the thing itself.
建筑与造型艺术和诗歌有一个区别：它给我们的不是复制品，而是事物本身。
It does not repeat, as they do, the known Idea, so that the artist lends his eyes to the beholder, but in it the artist merely presents the object to the beholder, and facilitates for him the comprehension of the Idea by bringing the actual, individual object to a distinct and complete expression of its nature.
它不像他们那样重复已知的理念，因此艺术家将目光投向观看者，但在其中，艺术家只是将对象呈现给观看者，并通过将实际的想法带入观看者中，以促进他们对理念的理解。 ，个体对象对其本质的清晰和完整的表达。
 Unlike the works of the other arts, those of architecture are very seldom executed for purely æsthetic ends.
与其他艺术作品不同，建筑作品很少是为了纯粹的审美目的而进行的。
These are generally subordinated to other useful ends which are foreign to art itself.
这些通常服从于与艺术本身无关的其他有用目的。
Thus the great merit of the architect consists in achieving and attaining the pure æsthetic ends, in spite of their subordination to other ends which are foreign to them.
因此，建筑师的伟大功绩在于实现和实现纯粹的审美目的，尽管它们服从于与他们无关的其他目的。
This he does by cleverly adapting them in a variety of ways to the arbitrary ends in view, and by rightly judging which form of æsthetical architectonic beauty is compatible and may be associated with a temple, which with a palace, which with a prison, and so forth.
为此，他巧妙地以各种方式使它们适应所考虑的任意目的，并正确判断哪种形式的审美建筑美是兼容的，并且可以与寺庙、宫殿、监狱和监狱相关联。等等。
The more a harsh climate increases these demands of necessity and utility, determines them definitely, and prescribes them more inevitably, the less free play has beauty in architecture.
恶劣的气候越是增加这些必要性和实用性的要求，越明确地决定它们，并且越不可避免地规定它们，自由发挥在建筑中的美感就越少。
In the mild climate of India, Egypt, Greece, and Rome, where the demands of necessity were fewer and less definite, architecture could follow its æsthetic ends with the greatest freedom.
在印度、埃及、希腊和罗马气候温和的地方，必要的要求越来越不明确，建筑可以以最大的自由遵循其审美目标。
But under a northern sky this was sorely hindered.
但在北方的天空下，这受到严重阻碍。
Here, when caissons, pointed roofs and towers were what was demanded, architecture could only unfold its own beauty within very narrow limits, and therefore it was obliged to make amends by resorting all the more to the borrowed ornaments of sculpture, as is seen in Gothic architecture.
在这里，当需要沉箱、尖顶和塔楼时，建筑只能在非常狭窄的范围内展现自己的美感，因此不得不更多地求助于借来的雕塑装饰物来弥补，如哥特式建筑。
 We thus see that architecture is greatly restricted by the demands of necessity and utility; but on the other hand it has in them a very powerful support, for, on account of the magnitude and costliness of its works, and the narrow sphere of its æsthetic effect, it could not continue to exist merely as a fine art, if it had not also, as a useful and necessary profession, a firm and honourable place among the occupations of men.
由此可见，建筑在很大程度上受到必要性和实用性要求的限制。但另一方面，它在它们身上得到了非常有力的支持，因为，由于其作品的规模和昂贵，以及其审美效果的狭窄范围，它不能仅仅作为一种美术继续存在，如果它作为一种有用且必要的职业，它在人类职业中也没有占据稳固和光荣的地位。
It is the want of this that prevents another art from taking its place beside architecture as a sister art, although in an æsthetical point of view it is quite properly to be classed along with it as its counterpart; I mean artistic arrangements of water.
正是缺乏这一点，阻止了另一种艺术作为姊妹艺术取代建筑之外的位置，尽管从美学的角度来看，将其与建筑并列为其对应物是非常恰当的；我指的是水的艺术布置。
For what architecture accomplishes for the Idea of gravity when it appears in connection with that of rigidity, hydraulics accomplishes for the same Idea, when it is connected with fluidity, _i.e._, formlessness, the greatest mobility and transparency.
当建筑与刚性概念联系起来时，其为重力概念所实现的效果，水力学在与流动性（即无形性、最大的流动性和透明度）相关联时为相同的概念所实现的效果。
Leaping waterfalls foaming and tumbling over rocks, cataracts dispersed into floating spray, springs gushing up as high columns of water, and clear reflecting lakes, reveal the Ideas of fluid and heavy matter, in precisely the same way as the works of architecture unfold the Ideas of rigid matter.
飞跃的瀑布在岩石上翻滚翻腾，飞流直下，瀑布飞溅，泉水喷涌而出，清澈见底，倒映着湖泊，揭示了流体和重物质的理念，就像建筑作品展现理念一样。的刚性物质。
Artistic hydraulics, however, obtains no support from practical hydraulics, for, as a rule, their ends cannot be combined; yet, in exceptional cases, this happens; for example, in the Cascata di Trevi at Rome.(52)  § 44.
然而，艺术水力学并没有得到实用水力学的支持，因为通常来说，它们的目的不能结合起来。然而，在特殊情况下，这种情况也会发生；例如，罗马的 Cascata di Trevi。(52) § 44。
What the two arts we have spoken of accomplish for these lowest grades of the objectivity of will, is performed for the higher grades of vegetable nature by artistic horticulture.
我们所说的两种艺术为最低等级的意志客观性所完成的工作，是通过艺术园艺为较高等级的植物性质而完成的。
The landscape beauty of a scene consists, for the most part, in the multiplicity of natural objects which are present in it, and then in the fact that they are clearly separated, appear distinctly, and yet exhibit a fitting connection and alternation.
一个场景的景观美在很大程度上在于其中存在的自然物体的多样性，以及它们清晰分离、清晰呈现、却又表现出适当的联系和交替的事实。
These two conditions are assisted and promoted by landscape-gardening, but it has by no means such a mastery over its material as architecture, and therefore its effect is limited.
这两个条件都得到了风景园林的辅助和促进，但它对材料的掌握程度远不如建筑，因此其作用是有限的。
The beauty with which it is concerned belongs almost exclusively to nature; it has done little for it; and, on the other hand, it can do little against unfavourable nature, and when nature works, not for it, but against it, its achievements are small.
它所涉及的美几乎完全属于自然。它对此几乎没有做任何事；另一方面，它对不利的自然无能为力，当自然起作用时，不是为了它，而是为了对抗它，它的成就也很小。
 The vegetable world offers itself everywhere for æsthetic enjoyment without the medium of art; but so far as it is an object of art, it belongs principally to landscape-painting; to the province of which all the rest of unconscious nature also belongs.
蔬菜世界处处提供审美享受，无需艺术媒介；但就艺术品而言，主要属于山水画。所有其他无意识自然也属于这个范围。
In paintings of still life, and of mere architecture, ruins, interiors of churches, &c., the subjective side of æsthetic pleasure is predominant, _i.e._, our satisfaction does not lie principally in the direct comprehension of the represented Ideas, but rather in the subjective correlative of this comprehension, pure, will-less knowing.
在静物画以及单纯的建筑、废墟、教堂内部等绘画中，审美愉悦的主观方面占主导地位，也就是说，我们的满足感主要并不在于对所表现的理念的直接理解，而是在这种理解的主观关联中，纯粹的、无意志的认识。
For, because the painter lets us see these things through his eyes, we at once receive a sympathetic and reflected sense of the deep spiritual peace and absolute silence of the will, which were necessary in order to enter with knowledge so entirely into these lifeless objects, and comprehend them with such love, _i.e._, in this case with such a degree of objectivity.
因为，因为画家让我们通过他的眼睛看到这些东西，所以我们立即收到了一种同情和反映的深刻的精神平静和意志的绝对沉默的感觉，这是必要的，以便以知识完全进入这些无生命的物体，并以如此的爱来理解它们，即，在这种情况下以如此程度的客观性。
The effect of landscape-painting proper is indeed, as a whole, of this kind; but because the Ideas expressed are more distinct and significant, as higher grades of the objectivity of will, the objective side of æsthetic pleasure already comes more to the front and assumes as much importance as the subjective side.
山水画本身的效果，整体上确实是这样的。但由于所表达的观念更加清晰和重要，随着意志客观性的提高，审美愉悦的客观方面已经更加重要，并与主观方面同等重要。
Pure knowing as such is no longer the paramount consideration, for we are equally affected by the known Platonic Idea, the world as idea at an important grade of the objectification of will.
纯粹的认知本身不再是最重要的考虑因素，因为我们同样受到已知的柏拉图理念的影响，即世界作为意志客观化的一个重要级别的理念。
 But a far higher grade is revealed by animal painting and sculpture.
但动物绘画和雕塑却展现出更高的品位。
Of the latter we have some important antique remains; for example, horses at Venice, on Monte Cavallo, and on the Elgin Marbles, also at Florence in bronze and marble; the ancient boar, howling wolves, the lions in the arsenal at Venice, also in the Vatican a whole room almost filled with ancient animals, &c.
对于后者，我们有一些重要的古董遗迹；例如，威尼斯、卡瓦洛山、埃尔金大理石雕像上的马，以及佛罗伦萨的青铜和大理石马；古代的野猪，嚎叫的狼，威尼斯兵工厂里的狮子，还有梵蒂冈的整个房间几乎充满了古代动物，等等。
In these representations the objective side of æsthetic pleasure obtains a marked predominance over the subjective.
在这些表现中，审美愉悦的客观方面明显优于主观方面。
The peace of the subject which knows these Ideas, which has silenced its own will, is indeed present, as it is in all æsthetic contemplation; but its effect is not felt, for we are occupied with the restlessness and impetuosity of the will represented.
知道这些观念的主体的平静确实存在，就像在所有审美沉思中一样；它已经压制了自己的意志。但它的效果我们感受不到，因为我们被所代表的意志的不安和冲动所占据。
It is that very will, which constitutes our own nature, that here appears to us in forms, in which its manifestation is not, as in us, controlled and tempered by intellect, but exhibits itself in stronger traits, and with a distinctness that borders on the grotesque and monstrous.
正是这种意志，构成了我们自己的本性，在这里以各种形式出现在我们面前，在这种形式中，它的表现不像我们那样受到智力的控制和调节，而是以更强烈的特征展现出来，并且具有与我们接壤的鲜明性。关于怪诞和怪异。
For this very reason there is no concealment; it is free, naïve, open as the day, and this is the cause of our interest in animals.
正因如此，没有任何隐瞒；它是自由的、天真的、开放的，这就是我们对动物感兴趣的原因。
The characteristics of species appeared already in the representation of plants, but showed itself only in the forms; here it becomes much more distinct, and expresses itself not only in the form, but in the action, position, and mien, yet always merely as the character of the species, not of the individual.
物种的特征已经在植物的表现中显现出来，但仅以形式表现出来；在这里，它变得更加清晰，不仅以形式，而且以行动、位置和神态来表达自己，但总是仅仅作为物种的特征，而不是个体的特征。
This knowledge of the Ideas of higher grades, which in painting we receive through extraneous means, we may gain directly by the pure contemplative perception of plants, and observation of beasts, and indeed of the latter in their free, natural, and unrestrained state.
我们在绘画中通过外部手段获得的这种更高层次的理念的知识，我们可以通过对植物的纯粹沉思感知和对动物的观察，甚至是对后者自由、自然和无拘无束的状态的观察来直接获得。
The objective contemplation of their manifold and marvellous forms, and of their actions and behaviour, is an instructive lesson from the great book of nature, it is a deciphering of the true _signatura rerum_.(53) We see in them the manifold grades and modes of the manifestation of will, which in all beings of one and the same grade, wills always in the same way, which objectifies itself as life, as existence in such endless variety, and such different forms, which are all adaptations to the different external circumstances, and may be compared to many variations on the same theme.
对它们多样而奇妙的形式以及它们的行动和行为的客观沉思，是来自伟大的自然之书的启发性课程，它是对真正_signatura rerum_的破译。（53）我们在它们中看到了多种等级和模式意志的表现，在同一等级的所有存在物中，总是以同样的方式进行意志，它把自己客体化为生命，作为无穷无尽的多样性和不同形式的存在，这些都是对不同外在环境的适应。情况下，并且可以与同一主题的许多变体进行比较。
But if we had to communicate to the observer, for reflection, and in a word, the explanation of their inner nature, it would be best to make use of that Sanscrit formula which occurs so often in the sacred books of the Hindoos, and is called Mahavakya, i.e., the great word: “_Tat twam asi_,” which means, “this living thing art thou.”  § 45.
但是，如果我们必须与观察者交流，进行反思，总之，解释他们的内在本质，那么最好利用梵文公式，该公式经常出现在印度教的圣书中，并且是称为 Mahavakya，即伟大的词：“_Tat twam asi_”，意思是“这活物就是你”。第45节。
The great problem of historical painting and sculpture is to express directly and for perception the Idea in which the will reaches the highest grade of its objectification.
历史绘画和雕塑的重大问题是直接表达并供感知的理念，其中意志达到其客观化的最高等级。
The objective side of the pleasure afforded by the beautiful is here always predominant, and the subjective side has retired into the background.
美所带来的愉悦的客观方面在这里始终占主导地位，而主观方面则退居幕后。
It is further to be observed that at the next grade below this, animal painting, the characteristic is entirely one with the beautiful; the most characteristic lion, wolf, horse, sheep, or ox, was always the most beautiful also.
进一步观察，再往下一层，动物画，其特点完全是与美合一的；最有特色的狮子、狼、马、羊或牛，也总是最美丽的。
The reason of this is that animals have only the character of their species, no individual character.
其原因在于，动物只有物种的特征，没有个体的特征。
In the representation of men the character of the species is separated from that of the individual; the former is now called beauty (entirely in the objective sense), but the latter retains the name, character, or expression, and the new difficulty arises of representing both, at once and completely, in the same individual.
在对人的描绘中，物种的特征与个人的特征是分开的。前者现在被称为美（完全是客观意义上的），但后者保留了名称、特征或表达，而在同一个体中同时完整地表现这两者的新困难出现了。
 _Human beauty_ is an objective expression, which means the fullest objectification of will at the highest grade at which it is knowable, the Idea of man in general, completely expressed in the sensible form.
_人类之美_是一种客观的表达，这意味着意志在可知的最高等级上的最充分的客观化，即人的总体理念，完全以感性形式表达。
But however much the objective side of the beautiful appears here, the subjective side still always accompanies it.
但无论美的客观一面在这里出现多少，主观的一面仍然始终伴随着它。
And just because no object transports us so quickly into pure æsthetic contemplation, as the most beautiful human countenance and form, at the sight of which we are instantly filled with unspeakable satisfaction, and raised above ourselves and all that troubles us; this is only possible because this most distinct and purest knowledge of will raises us most easily and quickly to the state of pure knowing, in which our personality, our will with its constant pain, disappears, so long as the pure æsthetic pleasure lasts.
正因为没有任何物体能像最美丽的人类面容和形态那样，如此迅速地将我们带入纯粹的审美沉思，一看到它，我们立即充满了难以言表的满足，并超越了我们自己和所有困扰我们的事物；这之所以可能，是因为这种关于意志的最清晰、最纯粹的知识能够最容易、最迅速地将我们提升到纯粹认知的状态，在这种状态下，只要纯粹的审美愉悦持续存在，我们的个性、我们的意志及其持续的痛苦就会消失。
Therefore it is that Goethe says: “No evil can touch him who looks on human beauty; he feels himself at one with himself and with the world.” That a beautiful human form is produced by nature must be explained in this way.
因此，歌德说：“任何邪恶都不能伤害那些关注人类美的人；他感觉自己与自己、与世界融为一体。”美丽的人体是自然产生的，必须这样解释。
At this its highest grade the will objectifies itself in an individual; and therefore through circumstances and its own power it completely overcomes all the hindrances and opposition which the phenomena of the lower grades present to it.
在这个阶段，意志将其自身客观化为个体。因此，通过环境和它自己的力量，它完全克服了低等级现象给它带来的所有障碍和反对。
Such are the forces of nature, from which the will must always first extort and win back the matter that belongs to all its manifestations.
这就是自然的力量，意志必须首先从中索取并赢回属于其所有表现形式的物质。
Further, the phenomenon of will at its higher grades always has multiplicity in its form.
此外，更高层次的意志现象在形式上总是具有多样性。
Even the tree is only a systematic aggregate of innumerably repeated sprouting fibres.
甚至连树也只是无数重复发芽纤维的系统集合体。
This combination assumes greater complexity in higher forms, and the human body is an exceedingly complex system of different parts, each of which has a peculiar life of its own, _vita propria_, subordinate to the whole.
这种组合在更高的形式中呈现出更大的复杂性，而人体是一个由不同部分组成的极其复杂的系统，每个部分都有自己独特的生命，_vita propria_，从属于整体。
Now that all these parts are in the proper fashion subordinate to the whole, and co-ordinate to each other, that they all work together harmoniously for the expression of the whole, nothing superfluous, nothing restricted; all these are the rare conditions, whose result is beauty, the completely expressed character of the species.
既然所有这些部分都以适当的方式从属于整体，并且相互协调，它们都和谐地一起工作以表达整体，没有多余的，没有任何限制；所有这些都是罕见的条件，其结果是美丽，完全表达了物种的特征。
So is it in nature.
自然界亦是如此。
But how in art? One would suppose that art achieved the beautiful by imitating nature.
但在艺术上又如何呢？人们会认为艺术通过模仿自然来实现美。
But how is the artist to recognise the perfect work which is to be imitated, and distinguish it from the failures, if he does not anticipate the beautiful _before experience_? And besides this, has nature ever produced a human being perfectly beautiful in all his parts? It has accordingly been thought that the artist must seek out the beautiful parts, distributed among a number of different human beings, and out of them construct a beautiful whole; a perverse and foolish opinion.
但是，如果艺术家在体验之前没有预见到美丽，他如何识别要模仿的完美作品，并将其与失败的作品区分开来呢？除此之外，大自然是否曾经造就过一个各方面都完美无缺的人类呢？因此，人们认为艺术家必须寻找分布在许多不同的人身上的美丽的部分，并从中构建一个美丽的整体；一种反常且愚蠢的观点。
For it will be asked, how is he to know that just these forms and not others are beautiful? We also see what kind of success attended the efforts of the old German painters to achieve the beautiful by imitating nature.
因为有人会问，他怎么知道只有这些形式才是美的，而不是其他形式呢？我们也看到了德国老画家们通过模仿自然达到美的努力取得了怎样的成功。
Observe their naked figures.
观察他们的裸体。
No knowledge of the beautiful is possible purely _a posteriori_, and from mere experience; it is always, at least in part, _a priori_, although quite different in kind, from the forms of the principle of sufficient reason, of which we are conscious _a priori_.
关于美的知识不可能纯粹是后天的、仅仅来自经验。它总是（至少部分地）是先验的，尽管在种类上与我们先验地意识到的充足理由原则的形式截然不同。
These concern the universal form of phenomena as such, as it constitutes the possibility of knowledge in general, the universal _how_ of all phenomena, and from this knowledge proceed mathematics and pure natural science.
这些涉及现象本身的普遍形式，因为它构成了一般知识的可能性，所有现象的普遍“方式”，并从这种知识出发数学和纯自然科学。
But this other kind of knowledge _a priori_, which makes it possible to express the beautiful, concerns, not the form but the content of phenomena, not the _how_ but the _what_ of the phenomenon.
但这种另一种知识是先验的，它使得表达美成为可能，它关心的不是现象的形式，而是现象的内容，不是现象的“如何”，而是现象的“内容”。
That we all recognise human beauty when we see it, but that in the true artist this takes place with such clearness that he shows it as he has never seen it, and surpasses nature in his representation; this is only possible because _we ourselves are_ the will whose adequate objectification at its highest grade is here to be judged and discovered.
当我们看到人类的美时，我们都会认识到它，但在真正的艺术家身上，这种美是如此清晰地发生，他以从未见过的方式展现它，并在他的表现中超越了自然；这之所以可能，是因为我们自己就是意志，其最高等级的充分客体化是在这里被判断和发现的。
Thus alone have we in fact an anticipation of that which nature (which is just the will that constitutes our own being) strives to express.
因此，事实上，我们只有对自然（这正是构成我们自身存在的意志）努力表达的东西的预期。
And in the true genius this anticipation is accompanied by so great a degree of intelligence that he recognises the Idea in the particular thing, and thus, as it were, _understands the half-uttered speech of nature_, and articulates clearly what she only stammered forth.
在真正的天才中，这种预期伴随着如此高的智力，以至于他能够识别特定事物中的理念，因此，可以说，_理解自然的半说出的言语_，并清楚地表达出她只是结结巴巴地说出来的东西。 。
He expresses in the hard marble that beauty of form which in a thousand attempts she failed to produce, he presents it to nature, saying, as it were, to her, “That is what you wanted to say!” And whoever is able to judge replies, “Yes, that is it.” Only in this way was it possible for the genius of the Greeks to find the type of human beauty and establish it as a canon for the school of sculpture; and only by virtue of such an anticipation is it possible for all of us to recognise beauty, when it has actually been achieved by nature in the particular case.
他在坚硬的大理石中表达了她在一千次尝试中未能实现的形式美，他将其呈现给大自然，仿佛对她说：“这就是你想说的！”凡有能力判断的人都会回答：“是的，就是这样。”只有这样，希腊人的天才才有可能找到人类美的类型，并将其确立为雕塑流派的典范。只有凭借这样的预期，我们所有人才有可能认识到美，而美实际上已经在特定情况下被自然实现了。
This anticipation is the _Ideal_.
这种预期就是_理想_。
It is the _Idea_ so far as it is known _a priori_, at least half, and it becomes practical for art, because it corresponds to and completes what is given _a posteriori_ through nature.
它是“先验”已知的“理念”，至少是一半，并且它对于艺术变得实用，因为它对应并完成了通过自然“后验”给出的东西。
The possibility of such an anticipation of the beautiful _a priori_ in the artist, and of its recognition _a posteriori_ by the critic, lies in the fact that the artist and the critic are themselves the “in-itself” of nature, the will which objectifies itself.
对艺术家的先验之美的预期以及批评家对它的后验认识的可能性在于这样一个事实：艺术家和批评家本身就是自然的“自在”，是客观化的意志。本身。
For, as Empedocles said, like can only be known by like: only nature can understand itself: only nature can fathom itself: but only spirit also can understand spirit.(54)  The opinion, which is absurd, although expressed by the Socrates of Xenophon (Stobæi Floril, vol.
因为，正如恩培多克勒所说，相似只能通过相似来认识：只有自然可以理解自己：只有自然可以理解自己：但只有精神也可以理解精神。（54）这种观点是荒谬的，尽管是由苏格拉底表达的色诺芬（Stobæi Floril，卷。
ii.
二.
p.
p。
384) that the Greeks discovered the established ideal of human beauty empirically, by collecting particular beautiful parts, uncovering and noting here a knee, there an arm, has an exact parallel in the art of poetry.
384）希腊人通过收集特定的美丽部分，发现并注意到这里的膝盖，那里的手臂，凭经验发现了人类美的既定理想，这与诗歌艺术完全相同。
The view is entertained, that Shakespeare, for example, observed, and then gave forth from his own experience of life, the innumerable variety of the characters in his dramas, so true, so sustained, so profoundly worked out.
例如，莎士比亚就观察到了他的戏剧中无数不同的角色，然后从他自己的生活经历中提出了这样的观点，这些角色是如此真实，如此持久，如此深刻。
The impossibility and absurdity of such an assumption need not be dwelt upon.
这种假设的不可能性和荒谬性无需赘述。
It is obvious that the man of genius produces the works of poetic art by means of an anticipation of what is characteristic, just as he produces the works of plastic and pictorial art by means of a prophetic anticipation of the beautiful; yet both require experience as a pattern or model, for thus alone can that which is dimly known _a priori_ be called into clear consciousness, and an intelligent representation of it becomes possible.
显然，天才之人通过对特征的预期来创作诗意艺术作品，正如他通过对美的预言性预期来创作造型艺术和绘画艺术作品一样。然而，两者都需要经验作为模式或模型，因为只有这样，先验地模糊已知的事物才能被带入清晰的意识，并且对它的智能表示成为可能。
 Human beauty was explained above as the fullest objectification of will at the highest grade at which it is knowable.
上面将人类美解释为意志在可知的最高等级上的最充分的客观化。
It expresses itself through the form; and this lies in space alone, and has no necessary connection with time, as, for example, motion has.
它通过形式来表达自己；这仅存在于空间中，与时间没有必然的联系，例如运动。
Thus far then we may say: the adequate objectification of will through a merely spatial phenomenon is beauty, in the objective sense.
至此我们可以说：在客观意义上，仅仅通过空间现象对意志进行充分的客观化就是美。
A plant is nothing but such a merely spatial phenomenon of will; for no motion, and consequently no relation to time (regarded apart from its development), belongs to the expression of its nature; its mere form expresses its whole being and displays it openly.
植物只不过是一种意志的空间现象。因为任何运动，以及因此与时间的关系（除了其发展之外）都不属于其本质的表达；它的纯粹形式表达了它的整体并公开地展示它。
But brutes and men require, further, for the full revelation of the will which is manifested in them, a series of actions, and thus the manifestation in them takes on a direct relation to time.
但野兽和人类进一步需要一系列的行动来充分揭示他们所表现的意志，因此他们的表现与时间有着直接的关系。
All this has already been explained in the preceding book; it is related to what we are considering at present in the following way.
这一切已经在前一本书中得到了解释；它与我们目前正在考虑的问题有以下关系。
As the merely spatial manifestation of will can objectify it fully or defectively at each definite grade,—and it is this which constitutes beauty or ugliness,—so the temporal objectification of will, _i.e._, the action, and indeed the direct action, the movement, may correspond to the will, which objectifies itself in it, purely and fully without foreign admixture, without superfluity, without defect, only expressing exactly the act of will determined in each case;—or the converse of all this may occur.
由于意志的纯粹空间表现可以在每个确定的等级上将其完全或有缺陷地客观化，而正是这一点构成了美或丑，所以意志的时间客观化，即行动，实际上是直接的客观化行动，运动，可以对应于意志，意志在其中客观化自己，纯粹而充分，没有外来掺合，没有多余，没有缺陷，只准确地表达在每种情况下确定的意志的行为；或者所有这一切的相反可以发生。
In the first case the movement is made with _grace_, in the second case without it.
在第一种情况下，移动是通过 _grace_ 进行的，在第二种情况下，则没有它。
Thus as beauty is the adequate representation of will generally, through its merely spatial manifestation; _grace_ is the adequate representation of will through its temporal manifestation, that is to say, the perfectly accurate and fitting expression of each act of will, through the movement and position which objectify it.
因此，美是一般意志的充分表现，仅通过其空间表现； _恩典_是意志通过其时间表现的充分表现，也就是说，通过将其客观化的运动和位置，对意志的每一个行为进行完全准确和恰当的表达。
Since movement and position presuppose the body, Winckelmann’s expression is very true and suitable, when he says, “Grace is the proper relation of the acting person to the action” (Works, vol.
由于运动和位置以身体为先决条件，温克尔曼的表达非常真实和恰当，他说：“恩典是行动者与行动的适当关系”（《作品》，卷11）。
i.
我。
p.
p。
258).
258）。
It is thus evident that beauty may be attributed to a plant, but no grace, unless in a figurative sense; but to brutes and men, both beauty and grace.
因此，很明显，美丽可以归因于植物，但不能归因于优雅，除非是比喻意义上的。但对于野兽和人类来说，既美丽又优雅。
Grace consists, according to what has been said, in every movement being performed, and every position assumed, in the easiest, most appropriate and convenient way, and therefore being the pure, adequate expression of its intention, or of the act of will, without any superfluity, which exhibits itself as aimless, meaningless bustle, or as wooden stiffness.
根据已经说过的，恩典在于以最简单、最适当和方便的方式进行的每一个动作和采取的每一个姿势，因此是其意图或意志行为的纯粹、充分的表达，没有任何多余的东西，它表现为漫无目的、无意义的忙碌，或者木头般的僵硬。
Grace presupposes as its condition a true proportion of all the limbs, and a symmetrical, harmonious figure; for complete ease and evident appropriateness of all positions and movements are only possible by means of these.
优雅的先决条件是四肢的真实比例以及对称、和谐的体形。只有通过这些，所有位置和动作才能完全轻松且明显适当。
Grace is therefore never without a certain degree of beauty of person.
因此，恩典永远不会没有一定程度的人的美。
The two, complete and united, are the most distinct manifestation of will at the highest grade of its objectification.
两者完整而统一，是意志在其客观化的最高层次上最明显的表现。
 It was mentioned above that in order rightly to portray man, it is necessary to separate the character of the species from that of the individual, so that to a certain extent every man expresses an Idea peculiar to himself, as was said in the last book.
上面提到，为了正确地描绘人，必须将物种的特征与个体的特征分开，以便每个人在一定程度上表达出自己特有的理念，正如上一本书所说的那样。
Therefore the arts whose aim is the representation of the Idea of man, have as their problem, not only beauty, the character of the species, but also the character of the individual, which is called, _par excellence_, _character_.
因此，以表现人的理念为目的的艺术所面临的问题不仅是美、物种的特征，而且还有个体的特征，即所谓的“卓越”、“性格”。
But this is only the case in so far as this character is to be regarded, not as something accidental and quite peculiar to the man as a single individual, but as a side of the Idea of humanity which is specially apparent in this individual, and the representation of which is therefore of assistance in revealing this Idea.
但这仅是在这种性格被视为不是偶然的和作为一个个体的人所特有的东西，而是作为人性理念的一个方面，在这个个体中特别明显的情况下才如此。因此，其表现有助于揭示这一想法。
Thus the character, although as such it is individual, must yet be Ideal, that is, its significance in relation to the Idea of humanity generally (the objectifying of which it assists in its own way) must be comprehended and expressed with special prominence.
因此，虽然性格本身是个体的，但也必须是理想的，也就是说，它与一般人性理念（它以自己的方式协助其客观化）相关的意义必须得到特别突出的理解和表达。
Apart from this the representation is a portrait, a copy of the individual as such, with all his accidental qualities.
除此之外，这个再现是一幅肖像，是个人本身的复制品，具有他所有偶然的品质。
And even the portrait ought to be, as Winckelmann says, the ideal of the individual.
正如温克尔曼所说，即使是肖像也应该是个人的理想。
 That _character_ which is to be ideally comprehended, as the prominence of a special side of the Idea of humanity, expresses itself visibly, partly through permanent physiognomy and bodily form, partly through passing emotion and passion, the reciprocal modification of knowing and willing by each other, which is all exhibited in the mien and movements.
理想地理解的“性格”，作为人性理念的特殊方面的突出部分，部分地通过永久的相貌和身体形态，部分地通过短暂的情感和激情，以及每个人对认识和意愿的相互修改，来明显地表达自己。其他，都表现在神态和动作上。
Since the individual always belongs to humanity, and, on the other hand, humanity always reveals itself in the individual with what is indeed peculiar ideal significance, beauty must not be destroyed by character nor character by beauty.
由于个体总是属于人性，而另一方面，人性总是在个体身上展现出其独特的理想意义，所以美不能被性格所摧毁，性格也不能被美所摧毁。
For if the character of the species is annulled by that of the individual, the result is caricature; and if the character of the individual is annulled by that of the species, the result is an absence of meaning.
因为如果个体的特征抵消了物种的特征，那么结果就是讽刺。如果个体的特征被物种的特征所抵消，结果就是意义的缺失。
Therefore the representation which aims at beauty, as sculpture principally does, will yet always modify this (the character of the species), in some respect, by the individual character, and will always express the Idea of man in a definite individual manner, giving prominence to a special side of it.
因此，以美为目的的再现，正如雕塑主要所做的那样，在某些方面总是会通过个体特征来修改这一点（物种的特征），并且总是以明确的个体方式表达人的理念，给予突出它的特殊一面。
For the human individual as such has to a certain extent the dignity of a special Idea, and it is essential to the Idea of man that it should express itself in individuals of special significance.
因为人类个体本身在某种程度上具有特殊理念的尊严，而人的理念必须在具有特殊意义的个体中表达自己。
Therefore we find in the works of the ancients, that the beauty distinctly comprehended by them, is not expressed in one form, but in many forms of different character.
因此，我们在古人的作品中发现，他们所明确领会的美并不是以一种形式来表现的，而是以多种不同性质的形式来表现的。
It is always apprehended, as it were, from a different side, and expressed in one way in Apollo, in another way in Bacchus, in another in Hercules, in another in Antinous; indeed the characteristic may limit the beautiful, and finally extend even to hideousness, in the drunken Silenus, in the Faun, &c.
可以说，它总是从不同的侧面被理解，并在阿波罗中以一种方式表达，在巴克斯中以另一种方式表达，在赫拉克勒斯中以另一种方式表达，在安提诺斯中以另一种方式表达。事实上，这一特征可能会限制美，最终甚至延伸到丑陋，如醉酒的西勒诺斯、牧神等。
If the characteristic goes so far as actually to annul the character of the species, if it extends to the unnatural, it becomes caricature.
如果这种特征实际上废除了物种的特征，如果它延伸到不自然的地方，它就变成了漫画。
But we can far less afford to allow grace to be interfered with by what is characteristic than even beauty, for graceful position and movement are demanded for the expression of the character also; but yet it must be achieved in the way which is most fitting, appropriate, and easy for the person.
但是，我们更不能让优雅受到比美更具有特征的干扰，因为表达性格也需要优雅的姿势和动作。但它必须以对人来说最合适、最合适、最容易的方式来实现。
This will be observed, not only by the sculptor and the painter, but also by every good actor; otherwise caricature will appear here also as grimace or distortion.
不仅雕塑家和画家会遵守这一点，而且每一个优秀的演员也会遵守这一点。否则漫画在这里也会以鬼脸或扭曲的形式出现。
 In sculpture, beauty and grace are the principal concern.
在雕塑中，美丽和优雅是主要关注点。
The special character of the mind, appearing in emotion, passion, alternations of knowing and willing, which can only be represented by the expression of the countenance and the gestures, is the peculiar sphere of _painting_.
心灵的特殊性格，表现为情感、激情、知意的交替，只能通过面部表情和手势的表达来表现，这是绘画的独特领域。
For although eyes and colour, which lie outside the province of sculpture, contribute much to beauty, they are yet far more essential to character.
因为虽然眼睛和色彩不属于雕塑范畴，但它们对美的贡献很大，但它们对性格来说却更为重要。
Further, beauty unfolds itself more completely when it is contemplated from various points of view; but the expression, the character, can only be completely comprehended from _one_ point of view.
此外，当从不同的角度思考时，美会更完整地展现出来。但这种表达、这种性格，只能从_一个_角度才能完全理解。
 Because beauty is obviously the chief aim of sculpture, Lessing tried to explain the fact that the _Laocoon does not cry out_, by saying that crying out is incompatible with beauty.
因为美显然是雕塑的主要目的，莱辛试图解释“拉奥孔不会哭泣”这一事实，他说哭泣与美是不相容的。
The Laocoon formed for Lessing the theme, or at least the text of a work of his own, and both before and after him a great deal has been written on the subject.
《拉奥孔》为莱辛形成了主题，或者至少是他自己的一部作品的文本，在他之前和之后，关于这个主题的著作很多。
I may therefore be allowed to express my views about it in passing, although so special a discussion does not properly belong to the scheme of this work, which is throughout concerned with what is general.
因此，我可以顺便表达一下我对此的看法，尽管如此特殊的讨论并不完全属于这部作品的计划，因为这部作品始终关注的是一般性的东西。
 § 46.
第46节。
That Laocoon, in the celebrated group, does not cry out is obvious, and the universal and ever-renewed surprise at this must be occasioned by the fact that any of us would cry out if we were in his place.
拉奥孔，在著名的群体中，没有哭声是显而易见的，而对此普遍的、不断更新的惊讶必定是由于我们任何人如果处于他的位置都会哭声这一事实引起的。
And nature demands that it should be so; for in the case of the acutest physical pain, and the sudden seizure by the greatest bodily fear, all reflection, that might have inculcated silent endurance, is entirely expelled from consciousness, and nature relieves itself by crying out, thus expressing both the pain and the fear, summoning the deliverer and terrifying the assailer.
自然要求它应该如此；因为在身体最剧烈的疼痛和身体最大的恐惧突然发作的情况下，所有本来可能灌输沉默忍耐的反思都完全从意识中消失，自然通过呼喊来缓解自己，从而表达了疼痛和恐惧。恐惧，召唤拯救者并恐吓攻击者。
Thus Winckelmann missed the expression of crying out; but as he wished to justify the artist he turned Laocoon into a Stoic, who considered it beneath his dignity to cry out _secundum naturam_, but added to his pain the useless constraint of suppressing all utterance of it.
因此，温克尔曼错过了哭泣的表情；但当他希望为艺术家辩护时，他把拉奥孔变成了斯多葛派，他认为大声疾呼“secundum naturam”有损他的尊严，但却增加了他的痛苦，压制了所有表达它的无用约束。
Winckelmann therefore sees in him “the tried spirit of a great man, who writhes in agony, and yet seeks to suppress the utterance of his feeling, and to lock it up in himself.
因此，温克尔曼在他身上看到了“一位伟人经受考验的精神，他在痛苦中挣扎，却试图压抑自己的感情，并将其锁在自己内心。
He does not break forth into loud cries, as in Virgil, but only anxious sighs escape him,” &c.
他不像维吉尔那样大声喊叫，而只是焦虑地叹息。”等等。
(Works, vol.
（作品，卷。
vii.
七.
p.
p。
98, and at greater length in vol.
98，以及更长的卷。
vi.
六.
p.
p。
104).
104）。
Now Lessing criticised this opinion of Winckelmann’s in his Laocoon, and improved it in the way mentioned above.
现在莱辛在他的《拉奥孔》中批评了温克尔曼的这一观点，并按上述方式加以改进。
In place of the psychological he gave the purely æsthetic reason that beauty, the principle of ancient art, does not admit of the expression of crying out.
他给出了纯粹的美学理由来代替心理学，即美是古代艺术的原则，不允许用哭泣的方式表达。
Another argument which he added to this, that a merely passing state incapable of duration ought not to be represented in motionless works of art, has a hundred examples of most excellent figures against it, which are fixed in merely transitory movements, dancing, wrestling, catching, &c.
他对此补充的另一个论点是，一种无法持续的短暂状态不应该在静止的艺术作品中表现出来，有一百个最优秀的人物例子反对这一观点，这些人物被固定在仅仅短暂的运动中，跳舞，摔跤，捕捉，等等。
Indeed Goethe, in the essay on the Laocoon, which opens the Propylaen (p.
事实上，歌德在关于拉奥孔的文章中，打开了Propylaen（第11页）。
8), holds that the choice of such a merely fleeting movement is absolutely necessary.
8）认为，选择这种转瞬即逝的运动是绝对必要的。
In our own day Hirt (Horen, 1797, tenth St.) finally decided the point, deducing everything from the highest truth of expression, that Laocoon does not cry out, because he can no longer do so, as he is at the point of death from choking.
在我们这个时代，赫特（Horen，1797，第十圣）最终决定了这一点，从表达的最高真理中推导出一切，拉奥孔不会哭喊，因为他不能再这样做了，因为他正处于窒息死亡。
Lastly, Fernow (“Römische Studien,” vol.
最后，费诺（《罗马研究》，卷。
i.
我。
p.
p。
246) expounded and weighed all these opinions; he added, however, no new one of his own, but combined these three eclectically.
246）阐述并权衡了所有这些意见；然而，他并没有添加任何新的东西，而是将这三者折衷地结合起来。
 I cannot but wonder that such thoughtful and acute men should laboriously bring far-fetched and insufficient reasons, should resort to psychological and physiological arguments, to explain a matter the reason of which lies so near at hand, and is obvious at once to the unprejudiced; and especially I wonder that Lessing, who came so near the true explanation, should yet have entirely missed the real point.
我不禁感到奇怪，如此深思熟虑、敏锐的人竟然费力地提出牵强且不充分的理由，诉诸心理学和生理学的论据，来解释一个其原因如此近在眼前、对不带偏见的人来说立刻显而易见的问题。 ;我特别想知道，莱辛如此接近真实的解释，却完全没有抓住真正的要点。
 Before all psychological and physiological inquiries as to whether Laocoon would cry out in his position or not (and I certainly affirm that he would), it must be decided as regards the group in question, that crying out ought not to be expressed in it, for the simple reason that its expression lies quite outside the province of sculpture.
在所有关于拉奥孔是否会在他的位置上哭泣（我当然肯定他会）的心理和生理询问之前，必须就所讨论的群体做出决定，不应在其中表达哭泣，原因很简单，它的表达完全超出了雕塑的范围。
A shrieking Laocoon could not be produced in marble, but only a figure with the mouth open vainly endeavouring to shriek; a Laocoon whose voice has stuck in his throat, _vox faucibus haesit_.
大理石无法制作出尖叫的拉奥孔，而只能制作出一个张着嘴徒劳地试图尖叫的人物。一个声音卡在喉咙里的拉奥孔，_vox faucibus haesit_。
The essence of shrieking, and consequently its effect upon the onlooker, lies entirely in sound; not in the distortion of the mouth.
尖叫的本质及其对旁观者的影响完全在于声音。不在于嘴的扭曲。
This phenomenon, which necessarily accompanies shrieking, derives motive and justification only from the sound produced by means of it; then it is permissible and indeed necessary, as characteristic of the action, even though it interferes with beauty.
这种现象必然伴随着尖叫，其动机和理由只能来自于由此产生的声音。那么，作为行为的特征，它是允许的，而且确实是必要的，即使它干扰了美。
But in plastic art, to which the representation of shrieking is quite foreign and impossible, it would be actual folly to represent the medium of violent shrieking, the distorted mouth, which would disturb all the features and the remainder of the expression; for thus at the sacrifice of many other things the means would be represented, while its end, the shrieking itself, and its effect upon our feelings, would be left out.
但在造型艺术中，对尖叫的表现是完全陌生和不可能的，表现暴力尖叫的媒介，扭曲的嘴巴，实际上是愚蠢的，这会扰乱所有的特征和表达的其余部分；因为这样，在牺牲许多其他东西的情况下，手段就会得到体现，而其目的、尖叫本身及其对我们感情的影响将被忽略。
Nay more, there would be produced the spectacle of a continuous effort without effect, which is always ridiculous, and may really be compared to what happened when some one for a joke stopped the horn of a night watchman with wax while he was asleep, and then awoke him with the cry of fire, and amused himself by watching his vain endeavours to blow the horn.
不仅如此，还会出现不断努力却没有效果的奇观，这总是可笑的，真可以比作有人开玩笑，趁守夜人熟睡时用蜡堵住他的号角，然后他被火的呼喊声吵醒，并看着他徒劳地吹响号角而自娱自乐。
When, on the other hand, the expression of shrieking lies in the province of poetic or histrionic art, it is quite admissible, because it helps to express the truth, _i.e._, the complete expression of the Idea.
另一方面，当尖叫的表达属于诗意或表演艺术的范畴时，它是完全可以接受的，因为它有助于表达真理，即理念的完整表达。
Thus it is with poetry, which claims the assistance of the imagination of the reader, in order to enable it to represent things perceptibly.
诗歌也是如此，它需要读者想象力的帮助，以便能够以可感知的方式表现事物。
Therefore Virgil makes Laocoon cry out like the bellowing of an ox that has broken loose after being struck by the axe; and Homer (Il.
因此，维吉尔让拉奥孔发出像牛被斧头劈中后挣脱束缚的吼叫声；和荷马（Il.
xx.
xx。
48-53) makes Mars and Minerva shriek horribly, without derogating from their divine dignity or beauty.
48-53）让玛尔斯和密涅瓦发出可怕的尖叫，却没有减损他们神圣的尊严或美丽。
The same with acting; Laocoon on the stage would certainly have to shriek.
演戏也是如此；舞台上的拉奥孔肯定要尖叫。
Sophocles makes Philoctetus cry out, and, on the ancient stage at any rate, he must actually have done so.
索福克勒斯让菲罗克泰托斯大喊大叫，而且，无论如何，在古代舞台上，他一定确实这么做了。
As a case in point, I remember having seen in London the great actor Kemble play in a piece called Pizarro, translated from the German.
举个例子，我记得在伦敦看过伟大演员肯布尔在一部从德文翻译过来的名为《皮萨罗》的作品中扮演的角色。
He took the part of the American, a half-savage, but of very noble character.
他扮演了美国人的角色，一个半野蛮人，但品格非常高尚的人。
When he was wounded he cried out loudly and wildly, which had a great and admirable effect, for it was exceedingly characteristic and therefore assisted the truth of the representation very much.
当他受伤时，他大声而疯狂地哭喊，这产生了巨大而令人钦佩的效果，因为它非常有特色，因此非常有利于再现的真实性。
On the other hand, a painted or sculptured model of a man shrieking, would be much more absurd than the painted music which is censured in Goethe’s Propylaen.
另一方面，一个尖叫的男人的绘画或雕塑模型，会比歌德《Propylaen》中所谴责的绘画音乐荒谬得多。
For shrieking does far more injury to the expression and beauty of the whole than music, which at the most only occupies the hands and arms, and is to be looked upon as an occupation characteristic of the person; indeed thus far it may quite rightly be painted, as long as it demands no violent movement of the body, or distortion of the mouth: for example, St.
因为尖叫对整体的表达和美感的伤害远大于音乐，音乐最多只占据手和手臂，应被视为人的职业特征；事实上，到目前为止，只要不要求身体剧烈运动或嘴巴扭曲，它就可以完全正确地被画出来：例如，圣约翰。
Cecilia at the organ, Raphael’s violin-player in the Sciarra Gallery at Rome, and others.
塞西莉亚在演奏风琴，拉斐尔在罗马斯西亚拉画廊演奏小提琴，等等。
Since then, on account of the limits of the art, the pain of Laocoon must not be expressed by shrieking, the artist was obliged to employ every other expression of pain; this he has done in the most perfect manner, as is ably described by Winckelmann (Works, vol.
此后，由于艺术的局限性，拉奥孔的痛苦不能用尖叫来表达，艺术家不得不使用其他一切表达痛苦的方式；正如温克尔曼巧妙地描述的那样，他以最完美的方式做到了这一点（《作品》，第 1 卷）。
vi.
六.
p.
p。
104), whose admirable account thus retains its full value and truth, as soon as we abstract from the stoical view which underlies it.(55)  § 47.
104），一旦我们从其背后的斯多葛主义观点中抽象出来，其令人钦佩的叙述就保留了其全部价值和真实性。(55) § 47。
Because beauty accompanied with grace is the principal object of sculpture, it loves nakedness, and allows clothing only so far as it does not conceal the form.
因为美丽与优雅是雕塑的主要目标，所以它喜欢裸体，并且只允许在不掩盖形式的情况下穿着衣服。
It makes use of drapery, not as a covering, but as a means of exhibiting the form, a method of exposition that gives much exercise to the understanding, for it can only arrive at a perception of the cause, the form of the body, through the only directly given effect, the drapery.
它使用帷幔，不是作为遮盖物，而是作为展示形式的手段，一种对理解力有很大锻炼的阐述方法，因为它只能达到对原因、身体形式的感知，通过唯一直接给出的效果，窗帘。
Thus to a certain extent drapery is in sculpture what fore-shortening is in painting.
因此，在某种程度上，雕塑中的帷幔就像绘画中的透视缩短一样。
Both are suggestions, yet not symbolical, but such that, if they are successful, they force the understanding directly to perceive what is suggested, just as if it were actually given.
两者都是建议，但不是象征性的，但如果它们成功，它们就会迫使理解直接感知所建议的内容，就像实际给出的一样。
 I may be allowed, in passing, to insert here a comparison that is very pertinent to the arts we are discussing.
顺便说一句，我可以在这里插入一个与我们正在讨论的艺术非常相关的比较。
It is this: as the beautiful bodily form is seen to the greatest advantage when clothed in the lightest way, or indeed without any clothing at all, and therefore a very handsome man, if he had also taste and the courage to follow it, would go about almost naked, clothed only after the manner of the ancients; so every one who possesses a beautiful and rich mind will always express himself in the most natural, direct, and simple way, concerned, if it be possible, to communicate his thoughts to others, and thus relieve the loneliness that he must feel in such a world as this.
正是这样：当穿着最轻便的衣服时，或者实际上根本不穿任何衣服时，美丽的身体形态就会被视为最大的优势，因此，一个非常英俊的男人，如果他也有品味和勇气去遵循它，他会几乎赤身裸体，只按照古人的方式穿衣服；因此，每一个拥有美丽而丰富心灵的人总是会以最自然、最直接、最简单的方式表达自己，如果可能的话，关心将自己的想法传达给别人，从而缓解他在这种情况下必然感到的孤独感。一个这样的世界。
And conversely, poverty of mind, confusion, and perversity of thought, will clothe itself in the most far-fetched expressions and the obscurest forms of speech, in order to wrap up in difficult and pompous phraseology small, trifling, insipid, or commonplace thoughts; like a man who has lost the majesty of beauty, and trying to make up for the deficiency by means of clothing, seeks to hide the insignificance or ugliness of his person under barbaric finery, tinsel, feathers, ruffles, cuffs, and mantles.
反之，心灵的贫乏、迷惑、思想的歪曲，就会以最牵强的言辞、最晦涩的言辞来包裹自己，以晦涩浮夸的言辞来包裹那些细小、琐碎、平淡、庸俗的思想。 ;就像一个人失去了美丽的威严，试图通过服装来弥补这一缺陷，试图用野蛮的华服、金属丝、羽毛、荷叶边、袖口和斗篷来隐藏自己的微不足道或丑陋。
Many an author, if compelled to translate his pompous and obscure book into its little clear content, would be as utterly spoilt as this man if he had to go naked.
许多作家，如果被迫将他浮夸而晦涩的书翻译成清晰的内容，就会像这个人一样被彻底宠坏，如果他不得不赤身裸体。
 § 48.
第48节。
_Historical painting_ has for its principal object, besides beauty and grace, character.
_历史绘画_除了美丽和优雅之外，还有人物作为其主要目标。
By character we mean generally, the representation of will at the highest grade of its objectification, when the individual, as giving prominence to a particular side of the Idea of humanity, has special significance, and shows this not merely by his form, but makes it visible in his bearing and occupation, by action of every kind, and the modifications of knowing and willing that occasion and accompany it.
我们所说的性格一般是指意志在其客观化的最高等级上的表现，当个体突出人性理念的某一特定方面时，它具有特殊的意义，并且不仅通过他的形式表明这一点，而且使它可以通过他的举止和职业、通过各种行动、以及知道和愿意发生这种情况并伴随它的变化而显现出来。
The Idea of man must be exhibited in these circumstances, and therefore the unfolding of its many-sidedness must be brought before our eyes by means of representative individuals, and these individuals can only be made visible in their significance through various scenes, events, and actions.
人的理念必须在这些环境中得以展现，因此其多面性的展开必须通过具有代表性的个体呈现在我们眼前，而这些个体的意义只能通过各种场景、事件和事件来显现。行动。
This is the endless problem of the historical painter, and he solves it by placing before us scenes of life of every kind, of greater or less significance.
这是历史画家无尽的问题，他通过将各种或大或小的意义的生活场景摆在我们面前来解决这个问题。
No individual and no action can be without significance; in all and through all the Idea of man unfolds itself more and more.
任何个人、任何行动都不可能没有意义；在一切之中，人的理念越来越多地展现出来。
Therefore no event of human life is excluded from the sphere of painting.
因此，人类生活的任何事件都被排除在绘画的范围之外。
It is thus a great injustice to the excellent painters of the Dutch school, to prize merely their technical skill, and to look down upon them in other respects, because, for the most part, they represent objects of common life, whereas it is assumed that only the events of the history of the world, or the incidents of biblical story, have significance.
因此，对于荷兰学派的优秀画家来说，仅仅重视他们的技术技巧，而在其他方面蔑视他们，是一种极大的不公正，因为在很大程度上，他们代表的是普通生活的对象，而人们认为他们是只有世界历史事件或圣经故事事件才有意义。
We ought first to bethink ourselves that the inward significance of an action is quite different from its outward significance, and that these are often separated from each other.
我们首先应该认识到，一个行为的内在意义与其外在意义是截然不同的，而且它们常常是相互分离的。
The outward significance is the importance of an action in relation to its result for and in the actual world; thus according to the principle of sufficient reason.
外在意义是指某项行动相对于其在现实世界中的结果的重要性；从而根据充分理由原则。
The inward significance is the depth of the insight into the Idea of man which it reveals, in that it brings to light sides of that Idea which rarely appear, by making individuals who assert themselves distinctly and decidedly, disclose their peculiar characteristics by means of appropriately arranged circumstances.
其内在意义是对它所揭示的人的理念的洞察的深度，因为它通过使那些明确而坚决地主张自己的个人通过适当的方式揭示他们的独特特征，从而揭示了该理念很少出现的侧面。安排的情况。
Only the inward significance concerns art; the outward belongs to history.
艺术只涉及内在意义；外在的事物属于历史。
They are both completely independent of each other; they may appear together, but may each appear alone.
它们彼此完全独立；它们可以一起出现，但也可以单独出现。
An action which is of the highest significance for history may in inward significance be a very ordinary and common one; and conversely, a scene of ordinary daily life may be of great inward significance, if human individuals, and the inmost recesses of human action and will, appear in it in a clear and distinct light.
一项对历史具有最高意义的行动，就其内在意义而言，可能是一件非常普通和普遍的行动；相反，如果人类个体以及人类行为和意志的最深处以清晰明确的光芒显现出来，那么一个日常生活场景可能具有重大的内在意义。
Further, the outward and the inward significance of a scene may be equal and yet very different.
此外，场景的外在和内在意义可能相同，但又截然不同。
Thus, for example, it is all the same, as far as inward significance is concerned, whether ministers discuss the fate of countries and nations over a map, or boors wrangle in a beer-house over cards and dice, just as it is all the same whether we play chess with golden or wooden pieces.
因此，举例来说，就其内在意义而言，无论部长们通过地图讨论国家和民族的命运，还是布尔人在啤酒屋里为纸牌和骰子争吵，都是一样的。无论我们用金子还是木子下棋，都是一样的。
But apart from this, the scenes and events that make up the life of so many millions of men, their actions, their sorrows, their joys, are on that account important enough to be the object of art, and by their rich variety they must afford material enough for unfolding the many-sided Idea of man.
但除此之外，构成千百万人生活的场景和事件，他们的行为，他们的悲伤，他们的欢乐，因此就足够重要，足以成为艺术的对象，并且由于它们丰富的多样性，它们必须提供足够的材料来展现人的多方面理念。
Indeed the very transitoriness of the moment which art has fixed in such a picture (now called _genre_-painting) excites a slight and peculiar sensation; for to fix the fleeting, ever-changing world in the enduring picture of a single event, which yet represents the whole, is an achievement of the art of painting by which it seems to bring time itself to a standstill, for it raises the individual to the Idea of its species.
事实上，艺术在这样一幅图画（现在称为流派绘画）中固定的瞬间的短暂性激发了一种轻微而奇特的感觉。因为将转瞬即逝、不断变化的世界固定在单个事件的持久画面中，但又代表了整体，这是绘画艺术的一项成就，它似乎使时间本身陷入停滞，因为它提升了个体其物种的理念。
Finally, the historical and outwardly significant subjects of painting have often the disadvantage that just what is significant in them cannot be presented to perception, but must be arrived at by thought.
最后，具有历史意义和表面意义的绘画主题往往有一个缺点，即其中的意义无法呈现给感知，而必须通过思想来实现。
In this respect the nominal significance of the picture must be distinguished from its real significance.
在这方面，必须将图片的名义意义与其实际意义区分开来。
The former is the outward significance, which, however, can only be reached as a conception; the latter is that side of the Idea of man which is made visible to the onlooker in the picture.
前者是外在的意义，但只能作为概念才能达到；后者是画中的旁观者可以看到的人的理念的那一面。
For example, Moses found by the Egyptian princess is the nominal significance of a painting; it represents a moment of the greatest importance in history; the real significance, on the other hand, that which is really given to the onlooker, is a foundling child rescued from its floating cradle by a great lady, an incident which may have happened more than once.
比如，埃及公主发现的摩西，就是一幅画的名义意义；它代表了历史上最重要的时刻；另一方面，真正赋予旁观者的真正意义是，一个弃儿被一位伟大的女士从漂浮的摇篮中救出，这种事件可能发生过不止一次。
The costume alone can here indicate the particular historical case to the learned; but the costume is only of importance to the nominal significance, and is a matter of indifference to the real significance; for the latter knows only the human being as such, not the arbitrary forms.
在这里，仅服装就可以向学者表明特定的历史案例；但服装只重要于名义意义，而与真正意义无关。因为后者只认识人类本身，而不认识任意的形式。
Subjects taken from history have no advantage over those which are taken from mere possibility, and which are therefore to be called, not individual, but merely general.
取自历史的主题并不比取自纯粹可能性的主题有任何优势，因此不应将其称为个别的，而只是一般的。
For what is peculiarly significant in the former is not the individual, not the particular event as such, but the universal in it, the side of the Idea of humanity which expresses itself through it.
因为前者中特别重要的不是个体，也不是特定的事件本身，而是其中的普遍性，即通过它表达自身的人性理念的一面。
But, on the other hand, definite historical subjects are not on this account to be rejected, only the really artistic view of such subjects, both in the painter and in the beholder, is never directed to the individual particulars in them, which properly constitute the historical, but to the universal which expresses itself in them, to the Idea.
但是，另一方面，特定的历史主题并不因此而被拒绝，只是这些主题的真正艺术观点，无论是在画家还是在观看者中，从来都不是针对其中的个体细节，而这些个体细节正确地构成了历史的，而是在其中表达自己的普遍性，即理念。
And only those historical subjects are to be chosen the chief point of which can actually be represented, and not merely arrived at by thought, otherwise the nominal significance is too remote from the real; what is merely thought in connection with the picture becomes of most importance, and interferes with what is perceived.
历史题材的选择必须是那些其主要观点能够实际表现出来的，而不是仅仅通过思想得出的，否则名义上的意义与真实意义相去甚远；仅仅与图像相关的想法变得最重要，并干扰感知。
If even on the stage it is not right that the chief incident of the plot should take place behind the scenes (as in French tragedies), it is clearly a far greater fault in a picture.
如果即使在舞台上，情节的主要事件发生在幕后也是不正确的（如法国悲剧），那么这显然是电影中更大的错误。
Historical subjects are distinctly disadvantageous only when they confine the painter to a field which has not been chosen for artistic but for other reasons, and especially when this field is poor in picturesque and significant objects—if, for example, it is the history of a small, isolated, capricious, hierarchical (_i.e._, ruled by error), obscure people, like the Jews, despised by the great contemporary nations of the East and the West.
只有当历史题材将画家限制在一个并非出于艺术目的而是出于其他原因而选择的领域时，特别是当这个领域缺乏如画和重要的物体时——例如，如果它是一个人的历史，那么历史题材就明显处于不利地位。小的、孤立的、反复无常的、等级森严的（即，被错误统治）、默默无闻的人，比如犹太人，受到当代东方和西方伟大国家的蔑视。
Since the wandering of the tribes lies between us and all ancient nations, as the change of the bed of the ocean lies between the earth’s surface as it is to-day and as it was when those organisations existed which we only know from fossil remains, it is to be regarded generally as a great misfortune that the people whose culture was to be the principal basis of our own were not the Indians or the Greeks, or even the Romans, but these very Jews.
由于部落的游荡介于我们和所有古代民族之间，正如海底的变化介于今天的地球表面和那些我们只能从化石遗迹中得知的组织存在时的情况一样，人们普遍认为，作为我们自己的文化主要基础的民族不是印度人、希腊人，甚至不是罗马人，而是这些犹太人，这是一种巨大的不幸。
But it was especially a great misfortune for the Italian painters of genius in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries that, in the narrow sphere to which they were arbitrarily driven for the choice of subjects, they were obliged to have recourse to miserable beings of every kind.
但对于十五、十六世纪的意大利天才画家来说，尤其是一个巨大的不幸，因为他们在任意选择主题的狭窄范围内，不得不求助于各种悲惨的存在。
For the New Testament, as regards its historical part, is almost more unsuitable for painting than the Old, and the subsequent history of martyrs and doctors of the church is a very unfortunate subject.
因为《新约》的历史部分几乎比《旧约》更不适合绘画，而随后的教会殉道者和圣师的历史则是一个非常不幸的主题。
Yet of the pictures, whose subject is the history or mythology of Judaism and Christianity, we must carefully distinguish those in which the peculiar, _i.e._, the ethical spirit of Christianity is revealed for perception, by the representation of men who are full of this spirit.
然而，在这些以犹太教和基督教的历史或神话为主题的画作中，我们必须仔细地区分那些通过表现人物来揭示基督教的独特伦理精神的画作。充满了这种精神。
These representations are in fact the highest and most admirable achievements of the art of painting; and only the greatest masters of this art succeeded in this, particularly Raphael and Correggio, and especially in their earlier pictures.
这些表现实际上是绘画艺术的最高和最令人钦佩的成就。只有最伟大的艺术大师才能做到这一点，尤其是拉斐尔和科雷乔，尤其是他们早期的画作。
Pictures of this kind are not properly to be classed as historical: for, as a rule, they represent no event, no action; but are merely groups of saints, with the Saviour himself, often still a child, with His mother, angels, &c.
这类图片不适合被归类为历史图片：因为一般来说，它们不代表任何事件，不代表任何动作；它们代表的是历史。但仅仅是一群圣徒，与救世主本人一起，通常还是个孩子，与他的母亲、天使等在一起。
In their countenances, and especially in the eyes, we see the expression, the reflection, of the completest knowledge, that which is not directed to particular things, but has fully grasped the Ideas, and thus the whole nature of the world and life.
在他们的面容上，特别是在眼睛里，我们看到了最完整的知识的表达和反映，这种知识不是针对特定的事物，而是完全掌握了理念，从而掌握了世界和生活的全部本质。
And this knowledge in them, reacting upon the will, does not, like other knowledge, convey _motives_ to it, but on the contrary has become a _quieter_ of all will, from which proceeded the complete resignation, which is the innermost spirit of Christianity, as of the Indian philosophy; the surrender of all volition, conversion, the suppression of will, and with it of the whole inner being of this world, that is to say, salvation.
他们身上的这种知识，对意志作出反应，并不像其他知识那样向意志传达_动机_，相反，它已经成为所有意志的_安静_，从中产生了完全的放弃，这是基督教最内在的精神，印度哲学；放弃所有的意志、皈依、抑制意志，以及随之而来的这个世界的整个内在存在，也就是说，救赎。
Thus these masters of art, worthy of eternal praise, expressed perceptibly in their works the highest wisdom.
因此，这些值得永恒赞誉的艺术大师在他们的作品中明显地表达了最高的智慧。
And this is the summit of all art.
这是所有艺术的顶峰。
It has followed the will in its adequate objectivity, the Ideas, through all its grades, in which it is affected and its nature unfolded in so many ways, first by causes, then by stimuli, and finally by motives.
它遵循充分客观性的意志，理念，贯穿其所有的等级，在这些等级中它受到影响，其本质以多种方式展现，首先是由原因，然后是刺激，最后是动机。
And now art ends with the representation of the free self-suppression of will, by means of the great peace which it gains from the perfect knowledge of its own nature.(56)  § 49.
现在，艺术以对意志的自由自我抑制的表现而结束，通过它从对自身本质的完美了解中获得的伟大和平。(56) § 49。
The truth which lies at the foundation of all that we have hitherto said about art, is that the object of art, the representation of which is the aim of the artist, and the knowledge of which must therefore precede his work as its germ and source, is an Idea in Plato’s sense, and never anything else; not the particular thing, the object of common apprehension, and not the concept, the object of rational thought and of science.
迄今为止我们关于艺术所说的一切的基础的真理是，艺术的对象，艺术的再现是艺术家的目的，因此，艺术的知识必须先于他的作品作为其萌芽和源泉。 ，是柏拉图意义上的理念，而不是其他任何东西；不是特定的事物，即普遍理解的对象，也不是概念，即理性思维和科学的对象。
Although the Idea and the concept have something in common, because both represent as unity a multiplicity of real things; yet the great difference between them has no doubt been made clear and evident enough by what we have said about concepts in the first book, and about Ideas in this book.
尽管理念和概念有一些共同点，因为两者都代表了现实事物的多样性的统一体；然而，毫无疑问，我们在第一本书中谈到的概念以及本书中关于思想的内容已经足够清楚和明显地说明了它们之间的巨大差异。
I by no means wish to assert, however, that Plato really distinctly comprehended this difference; indeed many of his examples of Ideas, and his discussions of them, are applicable only to concepts.
然而，我决不想断言柏拉图确实清楚地理解了这种差异。事实上，他的许多思想例子以及他对它们的讨论仅适用于概念。
Meanwhile we leave this question alone and go on our own way, glad when we come upon traces of any great and noble mind, yet not following his footsteps but our own aim.
与此同时，我们抛开这个问题，继续走自己的路，当我们发现任何伟大而崇高思想的踪迹时，我们很高兴，但我们不是追随他的脚步，而是追随我们自己的目标。
The _concept_ is abstract, discursive, undetermined within its own sphere, only determined by its limits, attainable and comprehensible by him who has only reason, communicable by words without any other assistance, entirely exhausted by its definition.
概念是抽象的、推论性的、在其自身范围内不确定的，仅由其限制决定，只有理性的人才能获得和理解，可以通过语言进行传达，无需任何其他帮助，其定义完全耗尽。
The _Idea_ on the contrary, although defined as the adequate representative of the concept, is always object of perception, and although representing an infinite number of particular things, is yet thoroughly determined.
相反，“理念”虽然被定义为概念的充分代表，但始终是感知的对象，尽管代表了无限数量的特定事物，但仍然是彻底确定的。
It is never known by the individual as such, but only by him who has raised himself above all willing and all individuality to the pure subject of knowing.
它永远不会被个人本身所了解，而只有那些将自己提升到超越所有意愿和所有个体性之上，达到纯粹认识主体的人才能知道。
Thus it is only attainable by the man of genius, and by him who, for the most part through the assistance of the works of genius, has reached an exalted frame of mind, by increasing his power of pure knowing.
因此，只有天才的人才能达到这一目标，而他在很大程度上是通过天才作品的帮助，通过增强纯粹认识的力量而达到了崇高的心境。
It is therefore not absolutely but only conditionally communicable, because the Idea, comprehended and repeated in the work of art, appeals to every one only according to the measure of his own intellectual worth.
因此，它不是绝对地而是有条件地可传播的，因为在艺术作品中理解和重复的理念只能根据每个人自己的智力价值来吸引每个人。
So that just the most excellent works of every art, the noblest productions of genius, must always remain sealed books to the dull majority of men, inaccessible to them, separated from them by a wide gulf, just as the society of princes is inaccessible to the common people.
因此，每一种艺术中最优秀的作品，最崇高的天才作品，对于大多数愚钝的人来说，都必须永远是封存的书籍，他们无法接触到，与他们相隔很宽的鸿沟，就像王子的社会是无法进入的一样。普通民众。
It is true that even the dullest of them accept on authority recognisedly great works, lest otherwise they should argue their own incompetence; but they wait in silence, always ready to express their condemnation, as soon as they are allowed to hope that they may do so without being left to stand alone; and then their long-restrained hatred against all that is great and beautiful, and against the authors of it, gladly relieves itself; for such things never appealed to them, and for that very reason were humiliating to them.
确实，即使是他们中最迟钝的人也会接受权威公认的伟大作品，以免他们争论自己的无能。但他们默默地等待着，一旦被允许就随时准备表达他们的谴责，希望他们可以这样做而不是孤立无援。然后，他们对一切伟大而美丽的事物及其作者的长期压抑的仇恨就高兴地缓解了。因为这些事情对他们来说从来没有吸引力，也正因为如此，对他们来说是一种羞辱。
For as a rule a man must have worth in himself in order to recognise it and believe in it willingly and freely in others.
因为通常来说，一个人必须拥有自己的价值，才能承认并自愿、自由地相信他人的价值。
On this rests the necessity of modesty in all merit, and the disproportionately loud praise of this virtue, which alone of all its sisters is always included in the eulogy of every one who ventures to praise any distinguished man, in order to appease and quiet the wrath of the unworthy.
在此基础上，所有优点都必须保持谦虚，并对这种美德进行不成比例的大声赞扬，在所有其他美德中，只有这种美德总是包含在每一个敢于赞扬任何杰出人物的人的颂词中，以安抚和平息人们的愤怒。不值得者的愤怒。
What then is modesty but hypocritical humility, by means of which, in a world swelling with base envy, a man seeks to obtain pardon for excellences and merits from those who have none? For whoever attributes to himself no merits, because he actually has none, is not modest but merely honest.
那么，在一个充斥着卑鄙嫉妒的世界里，一个人试图通过虚伪的谦逊来获得那些没有优点和优点的人的宽恕，那么谦虚又是什么？因为谁不认为自己有任何优点，因为他实际上没有任何优点，那么他就不是谦虚，而只是诚实。
 The _Idea_ is the unity that falls into multiplicity on account of the temporal and spatial form of our intuitive apprehension; the _concept_, on the contrary, is the unity reconstructed out of multiplicity by the abstraction of our reason; the latter may be defined as _unitas post rem_, the former as _unitas ante rem_.
 _理念_是由于我们直觉理解的时间和空间形式而陷入多重性的统一体；相反，“概念”是通过抽象我们的理性而从多样性中重建的统一体；后者可定义为_unitas post rem_，前者可定义为_unitas ante rem_。
Finally, we may express the distinction between the Idea and the concept, by a comparison, thus: the _concept_ is like a dead receptacle, in which, whatever has been put, actually lies side by side, but out of which no more can be taken (by analytical judgment) than was put in (by synthetical reflection); the (Platonic) _Idea_, on the other hand, develops, in him who has comprehended it, ideas which are new as regards the concept of the same name; it resembles a living organism, developing itself and possessed of the power of reproduction, which brings forth what was not put into it.
最后，我们可以通过比较来表达理念和概念之间的区别，因此：概念就像一个死容器，无论放入什么，实际上都并排放置，但不能再从中取出更多东西。采取（通过分析判断）比投入（通过综合反思）；另一方面，（柏拉图式的）理念在理解了它的人身上发展出了关于同名概念的新观念。它就像一个活的有机体，可以自我发展并拥有繁殖能力，可以产生未放入其中的东西。
 It follows from all that has been said, that the concept, useful as it is in life, and serviceable, necessary and productive as it is in science, is yet always barren and unfruitful in art.
从上述所有内容可以看出，这一概念虽然在生活中有用，在科学中也有用、必要且富有成效，但在艺术中却总是贫瘠且没有成果。
The comprehended Idea, on the contrary, is the true and only source of every work of art.
相反，所理解的理念是每件艺术作品的真实且唯一的源泉。
In its powerful originality it is only derived from life itself, from nature, from the world, and that only by the true genius, or by him whose momentary inspiration reaches the point of genius.
就其强大的独创性而言，它只能源于生命本身、源于自然、源于世界，而且只能源于真正的天才，或者源于瞬间灵感达到天才境界的人。
Genuine and immortal works of art spring only from such direct apprehension.
真正的、不朽的艺术作品只有源于这种直接的理解。
Just because the Idea is and remains object of perception, the artist is not conscious in the abstract of the intention and aim of his work; not a concept, but an Idea floats before his mind; therefore he can give no justification of what he does.
正因为理念是并且仍然是感知的对象，艺术家并没有意识到他作品的抽象意图和目标；浮现在他脑海中的不是一个概念，而是一个想法；因此他无法为自己的行为提供任何理由。
He works, as people say, from pure feeling, and unconsciously, indeed instinctively.
正如人们所说，他的工作是出于纯粹的感觉，并且是无意识的，实际上是本能的。
On the contrary, imitators, mannerists, _imitatores, servum pecus_, start, in art, from the concept; they observe what pleases and affects us in true works of art; understand it clearly, fix it in a concept, and thus abstractly, and then imitate it, openly or disguisedly, with dexterity and intentionally.
相反，在艺术中，模仿者、矫揉造作者、模仿者、servum pecus_都是从概念开始的。他们观察真正的艺术作品中那些令我们高兴并影响我们的东西；清楚地理解它，将它固定在一个概念中，从而抽象地，然后巧妙地、有意地、公开地或变相地模仿它。
They suck their nourishment, like parasite plants, from the works of others, and like polypi, they become the colour of their food.
它们像寄生植物一样，从他人的作品中汲取营养，并且像水螅一样，它们变成了食物的颜色。
We might carry comparison further, and say that they are like machines which mince fine and mingle together whatever is put into them, but can never digest it, so that the different constituent parts may always be found again if they are sought out and separated from the mixture; the man of genius alone resembles the organised, assimilating, transforming and reproducing body.
我们可以进一步进行比较，说它们就像机器一样，将放入其中的任何东西切碎并混合在一起，但永远无法消化它，因此，如果将它们找出并分离出来，则总是可以再次找到不同的组成部分。混合物;只有天才的人才像有组织、同化、转化和繁殖的身体。
For he is indeed educated and cultured by his predecessors and their works; but he is really fructified only by life and the world directly, through the impression of what he perceives; therefore the highest culture never interferes with his originality.
因为他确实是受到前人及其作品的教育和培养的；但他真正的成果，只是直接通过生活和世界，通过他所感知的印象。因此，最高的文化永远不会干扰他的原创性。
All imitators, all mannerists, apprehend in concepts the nature of representative works of art; but concepts can never impart inner life to a work.
所有的模仿者、所有的矫揉造作者，都从概念上理解代表性艺术作品的本质。但概念永远无法赋予作品内在的生命。
The age, _i.e._, the dull multitude of every time, knows only concepts, and sticks to them, and therefore receives mannered works of art with ready and loud applause: but after a few years these works become insipid, because the spirit of the age, _i.e._, the prevailing concepts, in which alone they could take root, have changed.
这个时代，即每个时代的乏味大众，只知道概念，并坚持这些概念，因此，他们接受了矫揉造作的艺术作品，并立即大声喝彩：但几年后，这些作品变得平淡无奇，因为时代精神，即它们能够扎根的流行观念，已经发生了变化。
Only true works of art, which are drawn directly from nature and life, have eternal youth and enduring power, like nature and life themselves.
只有直接取材于自然和生活的真正的艺术作品，才像自然和生命一样具有永恒的青春和持久的力量。
For they belong to no age, but to humanity, and as on that account they are coldly received by their own age, to which they disdain to link themselves closely, and because indirectly and negatively they expose the existing errors, they are slowly and unwillingly recognised; on the other hand, they cannot grow old, but appear to us ever fresh and new down to the latest ages.
因为他们不属于任何时代，而只属于人类，正因为如此，他们受到自己时代的冷遇，他们不屑于与这个时代紧密地联系在一起，而且因为他们间接地、消极地揭露了现存的错误，所以他们慢慢地、不情愿地认可；另一方面，它们不会变老，但在我们看来，直到最近的时代仍然新鲜如新。
Then they are no longer exposed to neglect and ignorance, for they are crowned and sanctioned by the praise of the few men capable of judging, who appear singly and rarely in the course of ages,(57) and give in their votes, whose slowly growing number constitutes the authority, which alone is the judgment-seat we mean when we appeal to posterity.
然后他们就不再受到忽视和无知，因为他们受到少数有判断能力的人的赞扬和认可，这些人在岁月的过程中很少单独出现，（57）并投票，他们慢慢地越来越多的人构成了权威，当我们呼吁后代时，只有权威才是我们所指的审判台。
It is these successively appearing individuals, for the mass of posterity will always be and remain just as perverse and dull as the mass of contemporaries always was and always is.
正是这些相继出现的个体，因为后代大众将永远像同时代的大众一样乖张和迟钝。
We read the complaints of great men in every century about the customs of their age.
我们读到每个世纪的伟人对他们那个时代的风俗习惯的抱怨。
They always sound as if they referred to our own age, for the race is always the same.
它们听起来总是像是在指我们自己的年龄，因为种族总是一样的。
At every time and in every art, mannerisms have taken the place of the spirit, which was always the possession of a few individuals, but mannerisms are just the old cast-off garments of the last manifestation of the spirit that existed and was recognised.
在每一个时代、每一种艺术中，矫饰主义都取代了精神，而精神始终是少数人的财产，但矫饰主义只是存在并被认可的精神最后表现形式的旧衣服。
From all this it appears that, as a rule, the praise of posterity can only be gained at the cost of the praise of one’s contemporaries, and _vice versa_.(58)  § 50.
从这一切看来，一般来说，后人的赞扬只能以牺牲同时代人的赞扬为代价，反之亦然。(58) § 50。
If the aim of all art is the communication of the comprehended Idea, which through the mind of the artist appears in such a form that it is purged and isolated from all that is foreign to it, and may now be grasped by the man of weaker comprehension and no productive faculty; if further, it is forbidden in art to start from the concept, we shall not be able to consent to the intentional and avowed employment of a work of art for the expression of a concept; this is the case in the _Allegory_.
如果所有艺术的目的是传达所理解的理念，那么它通过艺术家的头脑以这样一种形式出现，即它被净化并与所有陌生的东西隔离开来，现在可以被较弱的人掌握理解力强，没有生产力；如果进一步说，艺术从概念出发是被禁止的，那么我们就不能同意有意地、公开地使用一件艺术作品来表达一个概念； _寓言_中就是这种情况。
An allegory is a work of art which means something different from what it represents.
寓言是一件艺术作品，其含义与其所代表的内容不同。
But the object of perception, and consequently also the Idea, expresses itself directly and completely, and does not require the medium of something else which implies or indicates it.
但知觉的对象，以及理念，直接而完整地表达自己，不需要暗示或表明它的其他东西的媒介。
Thus, that which in this way is indicated and represented by something entirely different, because it cannot itself be made object of perception, is always a concept.
因此，以这种方式由完全不同的事物所指示和代表的东西，因为它本身不能成为感知的对象，所以始终是一个概念。
Therefore through the allegory a conception has always to be signified, and consequently the mind of the beholder has to be drawn away from the expressed perceptible idea to one which is entirely different, abstract and not perceptible, and which lies quite outside the work of art.
因此，通过寓言，一个概念总是被表示出来，因此，观者的思想必须从所表达的可感知的观念转移到完全不同的、抽象的、不可感知的、完全在艺术作品之外的观念。 。
The picture or statue is intended to accomplish here what is accomplished far more fully by a book.
图片或雕像的目的是完成一本书所能完成的更充分的事情。
Now, what we hold is the end of art, representation of a perceivable, comprehensible Idea, is not here the end.
现在，我们所认为的艺术的终结，即一种可感知、可理解的理念的表现，并不是终结。
No great completeness in the work of art is demanded for what is aimed at here.
这里的目标并不要求艺术作品具有很大的完整性。
It is only necessary that we should see what the thing is meant to be, for, as soon as this has been discovered, the end is reached, and the mind is now led away to quite a different kind of idea to an abstract conception, which is the end that was in view.
我们只需要明白事物的本质是什么，因为一旦发现了这一点，就达到了目的，心灵现在被引导到一种与抽象概念完全不同的想法，这就是我们所期待的结局。
Allegories in plastic and pictorial art are, therefore, nothing but hieroglyphics; the artistic value which they may have as perceptible representations, belongs to them not as allegories, but otherwise.
因此，造型艺术和绘画艺术中的寓言只不过是象形文字而已。它们作为可感知的表现形式可能具有的艺术价值，不属于它们，而是作为寓言。
That the “Night” of Correggio, the “Genius of Fame” of Hannibal Caracci, and the “Hours” of Poussin, are very beautiful pictures, is to be separated altogether from the fact that they are allegories.
科雷乔的《夜晚》、汉尼拔·卡拉奇的《成名天才》和普桑的《时刻》都是非常美丽的图画，但与它们是寓言的事实完全分开。
As allegories they do not accomplish more than a legend, indeed rather less.
作为寓言，它们的成就并不比传说多，甚至更少。
We are here again reminded of the distinction drawn above between the real and the nominal significance of a picture.
这里再次提醒我们注意上面对图片的真实意义和名义意义之间的区别。
The nominal is here the allegorical as such, for example, the “Genius of Fame.” The real is what is actually represented, in this case a beautiful winged youth, surrounded by beautiful boys; this expresses an Idea.
这里的名义是寓言本身，例如“名声天才”。真实的就是实际所代表的，在这个例子中，是一个美丽的长着翅膀的年轻人，周围都是漂亮的男孩；这表达了一个想法。
But this real significance affects us only so long as we forget the nominal, allegorical significance; if we think of the latter, we forsake the perception, and the mind is occupied with an abstract conception; but the transition from the Idea to the conception is always a fall.
但只有当我们忘记了名义上的寓言意义时，这种真正的意义才会对我们产生影响。如果我们想到后者，我们就会放弃知觉，头脑就会被抽象的概念占据。但从想法到构想的转变总是会失败。
Indeed, that nominal significance, that allegorical intention, often injures the real significance, the perceptible truth.
事实上，那种名义上的意义、那种寓言的意图，常常损害真正的意义、可感知的真理。
For example, the unnatural light in the “Night” of Correggio, which, though beautifully executed, has yet a merely allegorical motive, and is really impossible.
例如，科雷乔的《夜》中的非自然光线，虽然表现得很漂亮，但其动机仅仅是寓言，而且确实是不可能的。
If then an allegorical picture has artistic value, it is quite separate from and independent of what it accomplishes as allegory.
如果一幅寓言图画具有艺术价值，那么它就完全独立于它作为寓言所完成的任务。
Such a work of art serves two ends at once, the expression of a conception and the expression of an Idea.
这样的艺术作品同时具有两个目的：表达概念和表达思想。
Only the latter can be an end of art; the other is a foreign end, the trifling amusement of making a picture also do service as a legend, as a hieroglyphic, invented for the pleasure of those to whom the true nature of art can never appeal.
只有后者才能成为艺术的终结；只有后者才能成为艺术的终结。另一个是外国的目的，制作一幅画的微不足道的乐趣也可以作为一个传奇，作为一个象形文字，为那些永远无法吸引艺术的真正本质的人的乐趣而发明。
It is the same thing as when a work of art is also a useful implement of some kind, in which case it also serves two ends; for example, a statue which is at the same time a candelabrum or a caryatide; or a bas-relief, which is also the shield of Achilles.
这与一件艺术品同时也是某种有用的工具是一样的，在这种情况下，它也有两个目的：例如，同时是烛台或女像柱的雕像；或浅浮雕，也是阿喀琉斯之盾。
True lovers of art will allow neither the one nor the other.
真正的艺术爱好者不会允许其中之一。
It is true that an allegorical picture may, because of this quality, produce a vivid impression upon the feelings; but when this is the case, a legend would under the same circumstances produce the same effect.
诚然，一幅寓言图画可以因为这种品质而给人们的感情留下生动的印象。但在这种情况下，图例在相同的情况下也会产生相同的效果。
For example, if the desire of fame were firmly and lastingly rooted in the heart of a man, because he regarded it as his rightful possession, which is only withheld from him so long as he has not produced the charter of his ownership; and if the Genius of Fame, with his laurel crown, were to appear to such a man, his whole mind would be excited, and his powers called into activity; but the same effect would be produced if he were suddenly to see the word “fame,” in large distinct letters on the wall.
例如，如果对名誉的渴望牢固而持久地植根于一个人的内心，因为他认为名誉是他的合法财产，只有在他没有出示所有权证书的情况下，他才无法获得名誉；如果戴着月桂冠的名声天才出现在这样一个人的面前，他的整个心灵都会兴奋起来，他的力量也会被激发起来。但如果他突然看到墙上的“名声”这个大字，也会产生同样的效果。
Or if a man has made known a truth, which is of importance either as a maxim for practical life, or as insight for science, but it has not been believed; an allegorical picture representing time as it lifts the veil, and discloses the naked figure of Truth, will affect him powerfully; but the same effect would be produced by the legend: “_Le temps découvre la vérité._” For what really produces the effect here is the abstract thought, not the object of perception.
或者，如果一个人宣扬了一个真理，该真理无论作为现实生活的格言，还是作为科学的洞察力都很重要，但没有被相信；一幅代表时间的寓言图画，揭开面纱，揭露真理的赤裸形象，将对他产生强烈的影响；但传说也会产生同样的效果：“_Le temps découvre la vérité._”，因为真正产生这种效果的是抽象思想，而不是感知的对象。
 If then, in accordance with what has been said, allegory in plastic and pictorial art is a mistaken effort, serving an end which is entirely foreign to art, it becomes quite unbearable when it leads so far astray that the representation of forced and violently introduced subtilties degenerates into absurdity.
那么，按照前面所说的，如果造型艺术和绘画艺术中的寓言是一种错误的努力，服务于与艺术完全陌生的目的，那么当它导致如此严重的误入歧途，以至于强制和暴力引入的表现形式时，它就变得令人难以忍受。微妙之处会退化为荒谬。
Such, for example, is a tortoise, to represent feminine seclusion; the downward glance of Nemesis into the drapery of her bosom, signifying that she can see into what is hidden; the explanation of Bellori that Hannibal Carracci represents voluptuousness clothed in a yellow robe, because he wishes to indicate that her lovers soon fade and become yellow as straw.
例如，乌龟代表女性的隐居；涅墨西斯向下扫视她胸前的帷幔，表示她可以看到隐藏的事物；贝洛里的解释是，汉尼拔·卡拉奇代表着穿着黄色长袍的性感，因为他希望表明她的情人很快就会褪色，变成黄色的稻草。
If there is absolutely no connection between the representation and the conception signified by it, founded on subsumption under the concept, or association of Ideas; but the signs and the things signified are combined in a purely conventional manner, by positive, accidentally introduced laws; then I call this degenerate kind of allegory _Symbolism_.
如果表征与它所表示的概念之间完全没有联系，而这种联系是建立在概念下的包含或观念的关联之上的；但是，符号和所表示的事物是以纯粹约定俗成的方式，通过积极的、偶然引入的法则结合起来的。那么我把这种堕落的寓言称为_象征主义_。
Thus the rose is the symbol of secrecy, the laurel is the symbol of fame, the palm is the symbol of peace, the scallop-shell is the symbol of pilgrimage, the cross is the symbol of the Christian religion.
因此，玫瑰是秘密的象征，月桂树是名誉的象征，棕榈树是和平的象征，扇贝壳是朝圣的象征，十字架是基督教的象征。
To this class also belongs all significance of mere colour, as yellow is the colour of falseness, and blue is the colour of fidelity.
单纯颜色的所有意义也属于这一类，因为黄色是虚假的颜色，而蓝色是忠诚的颜色。
Such symbols may often be of use in life, but their value is foreign to art.
这些符号在生活中可能经常有用，但它们的价值对于艺术来说是陌生的。
They are simply to be regarded as hieroglyphics, or like Chinese word-writing, and really belong to the same class as armorial bearings, the bush that indicates a public-house, the key of the chamberlain, or the leather of the mountaineer.
它们只是被视为象形文字，或者像中国文字一样，实际上与纹章轴承、表明酒店的灌木丛、管家的钥匙或登山者的皮革属于同一类。
If, finally, certain historical or mythical persons, or personified conceptions, are represented by certain fixed symbols, these are properly called _emblems_.
最后，如果某些历史或神话人物或拟人化概念由某些固定符号来代表，那么这些就可以正确地称为“象征”。
Such are the beasts of the Evangelist, the owl of Minerva, the apple of Paris, the Anchor of Hope, &c.
这些是福音传播者的野兽、密涅瓦的猫头鹰、巴黎的苹果、希望之锚等等。
For the most part, however, we understand by emblems those simple allegorical representations explained by a motto, which are meant to express a moral truth, and of which large collections have been made by J.
然而，在大多数情况下，我们通过象征理解那些由座右铭解释的简单寓言表示，其目的是表达道德真理，J.
Camerarius, Alciatus, and others.
卡梅里乌斯、阿尔恰图斯等人。
They form the transition to poetical allegory, of which we shall have more to say later.
它们构成了向诗意寓言的过渡，对此我们稍后将有更多的讨论。
Greek sculpture devotes itself to the perception, and therefore it is _æsthetical_; Indian sculpture devotes itself to the conception, and therefore it is merely _symbolical_.
希腊雕塑致力于感知，因此它是_审美的_。印度雕塑致力于这种观念，因此它只是_象征性的_。
 This conclusion in regard to allegory, which is founded on our consideration of the nature of art and quite consistent with it, is directly opposed to the opinion of Winckelmann, who, far from explaining allegory, as we do, as something quite foreign to the end of art, and often interfering with it, always speaks in favour of it, and indeed (Works, vol.
关于寓言的这一结论是建立在我们对艺术本质的考虑之上并且与之相当一致的，它与温克尔曼的观点直接相反，温克尔曼远没有像我们那样将寓言解释为与艺术的本质完全陌生的东西。艺术的终结，并经常干扰它，总是支持它，事实上（作品，卷。
i.
我。
p.
p。
55) places the highest aim of art in the “representation of universal conceptions, and non-sensuous things.” We leave it to every one to adhere to whichever view he pleases.
55）将艺术的最高目标置于“普遍观念和非感性事物的表现”。我们让每个人坚持他喜欢的任何观点。
Only the truth became very clear to me from these and similar views of Winckelmann connected with his peculiar metaphysic of the beautiful, that one may have the greatest susceptibility for artistic beauty, and the soundest judgment in regard to it, without being able to give an abstract and strictly philosophical justification of the nature of the beautiful; just as one may be very noble and virtuous, and may have a tender conscience, which decides with perfect accuracy in particular cases, without on that account being in a position to investigate and explain in the abstract the ethical significance of action.
只有温克尔曼的这些观点和类似的观点与他对美的独特形而上学联系在一起，我才变得非常清楚事实，即一个人可能对艺术美具有最大的敏感性，并对它有最合理的判断，而无需给出任何判断。对美的本质进行抽象而严格的哲学论证；正如一个人可能非常高尚、有道德，并且可能有一颗温柔的良心，在特定情况下做出完全准确的决定，但无法抽象地调查和解释行动的伦理意义。
 Allegory has an entirely different relation to poetry from that which it has to plastic and pictorial art, and although it is to be rejected in the latter, it is not only permissible, but very serviceable to the former.
寓言与诗歌的关系与它与造型艺术和绘画艺术的关系完全不同，尽管后者被拒绝，但它不仅是允许的，而且对前者非常有用。
For in plastic and pictorial art it leads away from what is perceptibly given, the proper object of all art, to abstract thoughts; but in poetry the relation is reversed; for here what is directly given in words is the concept, and the first aim is to lead from this to the object of perception, the representation of which must be undertaken by the imagination of the hearer.
因为在造型艺术和绘画艺术中，它导致远离可感知的事物，即所有艺术的正确对象，走向抽象思想。但在诗歌中，这种关系是相反的。因为这里直接用言语给出的是概念，首要目的是从概念引向知觉的对象，而知觉的对象必须由听者的想象力来表现。
If in plastic and pictorial art we are led from what is immediately given to something else, this must always be a conception, because here only the abstract cannot be given directly; but a conception must never be the source, and its communication must never be the end of a work of art.
如果在造型艺术和绘画艺术中，我们从直接给予的东西引导到其他东西，那么这一定总是一个概念，因为在这里只有抽象不能直接给予；但观念决不能成为艺术作品的源头，其传达也决不能成为艺术作品的终点。
In poetry, on the contrary, the conception is the material, the immediately given, and therefore we may very well leave it, in order to call up perceptions which are quite different, and in which the end is reached.
相反，在诗歌中，概念是材料，是直接给定的，因此我们很可能离开它，以便唤起完全不同的感知，并在其中达到目的。
Many a conception or abstract thought may be quite indispensable to the connection of a poem, which is yet, in itself and directly, quite incapable of being perceived; and then it is often made perceptible by means of some example which is subsumed under it.
许多概念或抽象思想对于一首诗的联系来说可能是不可或缺的，但它本身却无法直接被感知；然后，它常常通过包含在它之下的一些例子而变得容易理解。
This takes place in every trope, every metaphor, simile, parable, and allegory, all of which differ only in the length and completeness of their expression.
这发生在每一个比喻、每一个隐喻、明喻、寓言和寓言中，所有这些都只是在表达的长度和完整性上有所不同。
Therefore, in the arts which employ language as their medium, similes and allegories are of striking effect.
因此，在以语言为媒介的艺术中，明喻、寓言具有惊人的效果。
How beautifully Cervantes says of sleep in order to express the fact that it frees us from all spiritual and bodily suffering, “It is a mantle that covers all mankind.” How beautifully Kleist expresses allegorically the thought that philosophers and men of science enlighten mankind, in the line, “Those whose midnight lamp lights the world.” How strongly and sensuously Homer describes the harmful Ate when he says: “She has tender feet, for she walks not on the hard earth, but treads on the heads of men” (Il.
塞万提斯对睡眠的描述多么美妙，为了表达睡眠使我们摆脱所有精神和身体痛苦的事实，“它是覆盖全人类的斗篷。”克莱斯特在“那些午夜灯火照亮世界的人”这句话中，多么美妙地寓言地表达了哲学家和科学家启蒙人类的思想。荷马对有害的阿特的描述是多么强烈和感性，他说：“她有柔软的脚，因为她不是在坚硬的土地上行走，而是踩在人类的头上”（伊尔.
xix.
十九。
91.) How forcibly we are struck by Menenius Agrippa’s fable of the belly and the limbs, addressed to the people of Rome when they seceded.
91.) 米尼纽斯·阿格里帕（Menenius Agrippa）在罗马人民分裂时向他们讲述的关于腹部和四肢的寓言给我们带来了多么强烈的震撼。
How beautifully Plato’s figure of the Cave, at the beginning of the seventh book of the “Republic” to which we have already referred, expresses a very abstract philosophical dogma.
我们已经提到过，柏拉图在《理想国》第七本书的开头所描绘的洞穴形象多么优美，它表达了一种非常抽象的哲学教条。
The fable of Persephone is also to be regarded as a deeply significant allegory of philosophical tendency, for she became subject to the nether world by tasting a pomegranate.
珀耳塞福涅的寓言也被视为一个深刻的哲学倾向寓言，因为她因品尝石榴而受到冥界的支配。
This becomes peculiarly enlightening from Goethe’s treatment of the fable, as an episode in the _Triumph der Empfindsamkeit_, which is beyond all praise.
从歌德对寓言的处理来看，这一点变得特别有启发性，作为《Empfindsamkeit的胜利》中的一个插曲，这是无可挑剔的。
Three detailed allegorical works are known to me, one, open and avowed, is the incomparable “Criticon” of Balthasar Gracian.
我所知道的三本详细的寓言作品，其中一本是公开且公开的，是巴尔塔萨·格雷西安无与伦比的“批评家”。
It consists of a great rich web of connected and highly ingenious allegories, that serve here as the fair clothing of moral truths, to which he thus imparts the most perceptible form, and astonishes us by the richness of his invention.
它由一个巨大而丰富的网络组成，这些寓言相互关联且高度巧妙，在这里充当了道德真理的华丽外衣，因此他赋予了道德真理最可感知的形式，并以其发明的丰富性使我们感到惊讶。
The two others are concealed allegories, “Don Quixote” and “Gulliver’s Travels.” The first is an allegory of the life of every man, who will not, like others, be careful, merely for his own welfare, but follows some objective, ideal end, which has taken possession of his thoughts and will; and certainly, in this world, he has then a strange appearance.
另外两部是隐藏的寓言，《堂吉诃德》和《格列佛游记》。第一个是每个人生活的寓言，他们不会像其他人一样，仅仅为了自己的福利而小心谨慎，而是遵循某种客观的、理想的目标，而这个目标已经占据了他的思想和意志；当然，在这个世界上，他的外表也很奇怪。
In the case of Gulliver we have only to take everything physical as spiritual or intellectual, in order to see what the “satirical rogue,” as Hamlet would call him, meant by it.
就格列佛而言，我们只需将一切物质的事物视为精神的或智力的，就能明白哈姆雷特所说的“讽刺流氓”的含义。
Such, then, in the poetical allegory, the conception is always the given, which it tries to make perceptible by means of a picture; it may sometimes be expressed or assisted by a painted picture.
因此，在诗意寓言中，概念始终是给定的，它试图通过图画使之变得可感知。有时可以通过绘画来表达或辅助。
Such a picture will not be regarded as a work of art, but only as a significant symbol, and it makes no claim to pictorial, but only to poetical worth.
这样的图画不会被视为艺术品，而仅被视为重要的象征，并且它不具有绘画性，而仅具有诗意价值。
Such is that beautiful allegorical vignette of Lavater’s, which must be so heartening to every defender of truth: a hand holding a light is stung by a wasp, while gnats are burning themselves in the flame above; underneath is the motto:       “And although it singes the wings of the gnats,     Destroys their heads and all their little brains,                   Light is still light;     And although I am stung by the angriest wasp,                   I will not let it go.”   To this class also belongs the gravestone with the burnt-out, smoking candle, and the inscription—       “When it is out, it becomes clear     Whether the candle was tallow or wax.”   Finally, of this kind is an old German genealogical tree, in which the last representative of a very ancient family thus expresses his determination to live his life to the end in abstinence and perfect chastity, and therefore to let his race die out; he represents himself at the root of the high-branching tree cutting it over himself with shears.
这就是拉瓦特那美丽的寓言小故事，对每一个真理的捍卫者来说一定是令人振奋的：一只拿着灯的手被黄蜂蜇了，而蚊子在上面的火焰中燃烧着自己；下面是座右铭：“虽然它烧焦了蚊子的翅膀，摧毁了它们的头和所有的小大脑，但光仍然是光；尽管我被最愤怒的黄蜂蜇了，但我不会放过它。”墓碑上还刻有燃尽、冒烟的蜡烛，上面刻着这样的铭文：“当它熄灭时，就可以清楚蜡烛是牛油还是蜡了。”最后，还有一棵古老的德国家谱树，其中一个非常古老的家族的最后一位代表表达了他要在禁欲和完美贞洁中度过一生的决心，从而让他的种族灭绝；他代表自己站在高枝树的根部，用剪刀将其剪断。
In general all those symbols referred to above, commonly called emblems, which might also be defined as short painted fables with obvious morals, belong to this class.
一般来说，上面提到的所有这些符号，通常称为象征，也可以被定义为具有明显道德意义的简短寓言，都属于这一类。
Allegories of this kind are always to be regarded as belonging to poetry, not to painting, and as justified thereby; moreover, the pictorial execution is here always a matter of secondary importance, and no more is demanded of it than that it shall represent the thing so that we can recognise it.
这类寓言总是被认为属于诗歌，而不是绘画，因此被认为是合理的。此外，图像的表现在这里始终是次要的，对它的要求无非是它能够代表事物，以便我们能够识别它。
But in poetry, as in plastic art, the allegory passes into the symbol if there is merely an arbitrary connection between what it presented to perception and the abstract significance of it.
但在诗歌中，就像在造型艺术中一样，如果寓言所呈现的感知与其抽象意义之间仅仅存在任意的联系，那么寓言就会转化为象征。
For as all symbolism rests, at bottom, on an agreement, the symbol has this among other disadvantages, that in time its meaning is forgotten, and then it is dumb.
因为所有的象征主义在本质上都建立在一种协议的基础上，所以这个象征有一个缺点，那就是随着时间的推移，它的意义会被遗忘，然后它就变得愚蠢了。
Who would guess why the fish is a symbol of Christianity if he did not know? Only a Champollion; for it is entirely a phonetic hieroglyphic.
如果不知道谁能猜到为什么鱼是基督教的象征呢？只有一个商博良；因为它完全是一个语音象形文字。
Therefore, as a poetical allegory, the Revelation of John stands much in the same position as the reliefs with _Magnus Deus sol Mithra_, which are still constantly being explained.
因此，作为一个诗意的寓言，《约翰启示录》与《Magnus Deus sol Mithra》的浮雕处于同样的地位，后者仍在不断地被解释。
 § 51.
 §51.
If now, with the exposition which has been given of art in general, we turn from plastic and pictorial art to poetry, we shall have no doubt that its aim also is the revelation of the Ideas, the grades of the objectification of will, and the communication of them to the hearer with the distinctness and vividness with which the poetical sense comprehends them.
如果现在，根据对一般艺术的阐述，我们从造型艺术和绘画艺术转向诗歌，我们将毫无疑问地认为，它的目的也是理念的揭示，意志的客观化的等级，以及它们以诗意所理解的清晰和生动的方式与听众进行交流。
Ideas are essentially perceptible; if, therefore, in poetry only abstract conceptions are directly communicated through words, it is yet clearly the intention to make the hearer perceive the Ideas of life in the representatives of these conceptions, and this can only take place through the assistance of his own imagination.
想法本质上是可以感知的；因此，如果诗歌中只是通过语言直接传达抽象概念，那么显然其意图是让听者在这些概念的代表中感知生活的理念，而这只能通过他自己的想象力的帮助来实现。 。
But in order to set the imagination to work for the accomplishment of this end, the abstract conceptions, which are the immediate material of poetry as of dry prose, must be so arranged that their spheres intersect each other in such a way that none of them can remain in its abstract universality; but, instead of it, a perceptible representative appears to the imagination; and this is always further modified by the words of the poet according to what his intention may be.
但是，为了让想象力发挥作用来实现这一目标，作为诗歌和枯燥散文的直接材料的抽象概念必须进行安排，使它们的领域相互交叉，使它们中的任何一个都不会受到影响。可以保持其抽象的普遍性；但是，想象中却出现了一个可感知的代表，而不是它。诗人的言语总是根据他的意图进一步修改这一点。
As the chemist obtains solid precipitates by combining perfectly clear and transparent fluids; the poet understands how to precipitate, as it were, the concrete, the individual, the perceptible idea, out of the abstract and transparent universality of the concepts by the manner in which he combines them.
当化学家通过混合完全清澈透明的液体获得固体沉淀物时；诗人懂得如何通过组合概念的方式，从概念的抽象和透明的普遍性中沉淀出具体的、个体的、可感知的观念。
For the Idea can only be known by perception; and knowledge of the Idea is the end of art.
因为理念只能通过感知来认识；对理念的了解是艺术的目的。
The skill of a master, in poetry as in chemistry, enables us always to obtain the precise precipitate we intended.
大师在诗歌和化学方面的技巧使我们总能获得我们想要的精确沉淀。
This end is assisted by the numerous epithets in poetry, by means of which the universality of every concept is narrowed more and more till we reach the perceptible.
诗歌中的众多绰号有助于这一目的，通过这些绰号，每个概念的普遍性越来越窄，直到我们达到可感知的程度。
Homer attaches to almost every substantive an adjective, whose concept intersects and considerably diminishes the sphere of the concept of the substantive, which is thus brought so much the nearer to perception: for example—       “Εν δ᾽ επεσ᾽ Ωκεανῳ λαμπρον φαος ἡελιοιο,     Ἑλκον νυκτα μελαιναν επι ζειδωρον αρουραν.”      (“Occidit vero in Oceanum splendidum lumen solis,     Trahens noctem nigram super almam terram.”)   And—       “Where gentle winds from the blue heavens sigh,     There stand the myrtles still, the laurel high,”—   calls up before the imagination by means of a few concepts the whole delight of a southern clime.
荷马几乎给每一个实体都附加了一个形容词，其概念与实体概念的范围相交叉并大大缩小，从而使实体概念更加接近感知：例如——“Εν δ᾽ επεσ᾽ Ωκεανῳ λαμπρον φαος ἡελιοιο, Ἑλκον νυκτα μελαιναν επι δειδωρον αρουραν。” （“Ocenum splendidum lumen solis 中的 Occidit vero，Trahens noctem nigram super almam terram。”）并且——“蓝色天空中微风叹息的地方，桃金娘静止不动，月桂树高高矗立，”——通过手段唤起人们的想象力。几个概念的全部乐趣南方气候。
 Rhythm and rhyme are quite peculiar aids to poetry.
节奏和韵律是诗歌非常奇特的辅助手段。
I can give no other explanation of their incredibly powerful effect than that our faculties of perception have received from time, to which they are essentially bound, some quality on account of which we inwardly follow, and, as it were, consent to each regularly recurring sound.
对于它们令人难以置信的强大影响，我无法给出任何其他解释，除了我们的感知能力从时间中获得的，它们本质上受其约束，我们内心遵循的某种品质，并且可以说，同意每一个定期重复的事物。声音。
In this way rhythm and rhyme are partly a means of holding our attention, because we willingly follow the poem read, and partly they produce in us a blind consent to what is read prior to any judgment, and this gives the poem a certain emphatic power of convincing independent of all reasons.
这样，节奏和韵律部分地成为吸引我们注意力的手段，因为我们愿意跟随所读的诗，部分地它们使我们在做出任何判断之前对所读的内容产生盲目的同意，这赋予了这首诗一定的强调力量独立于所有理由的令人信服的。
 From the general nature of the material, that is, the concepts, which poetry uses to communicate the Ideas, the extent of its province is very great.
从诗歌用来传达思想的材料（即概念）的一般性质来看，其范围非常广泛。
The whole of nature, the Ideas of all grades, can be represented by means of it, for it proceeds according to the Idea it has to impart, so that its representations are sometimes descriptive, sometimes narrative, and sometimes directly dramatic.
整个自然，所有等级的理念，都可以通过它来表现，因为它按照它必须传递的理念进行，因此它的表现有时是描述性的，有时是叙述性的，有时是直接戏剧性的。
If, in the representation of the lower grades of the objectivity of will, plastic and pictorial art generally surpass it, because lifeless nature, and even brute nature, reveals almost its whole being in a single well-chosen moment; man, on the contrary, so far as he does not express himself by the mere form and expression of his person, but through a series of actions and the accompanying thoughts and emotions, is the principal object of poetry, in which no other art can compete with it, for here the progress or movement which cannot be represented in plastic or pictorial art just suits its purpose.
如果说，在表现意志客观性的较低层次时，造型艺术和绘画艺术普遍超越了它，因为无生命的自然，甚至是野蛮的自然，在一个精心选择的时刻几乎揭示了它的全部存在；相反，只要人不只是通过其人的形式和表达，而是通过一系列的行为以及随之而来的思想和情感来表达自己，那么人就是诗歌的主要对象，这是其他艺术无法比拟的。与它竞争，因为在这里，无法在塑料或绘画艺术中表现出来的进步或运动恰好适合其目的。
 The revelation of the Idea, which is the highest grade of the objectivity of will, the representation of man in the connected series of his efforts and actions, is thus the great problem of poetry.
因此，理念的揭示是意志客观性的最高等级，是人在一系列相互联系的努力和行动中的表现，因此是诗歌的重大问题。
It is true that both experience and history teach us to know man; yet oftener men than man, _i.e._, they give us empirical notes of the behaviour of men to each other, from which we may frame rules for our own conduct, oftener than they afford us deep glimpses of the inner nature of man.
诚然，经验和历史都教会我们认识人。然而，更常见的是，它们为我们提供了人类彼此行为的经验记录，从中我们可以为自己的行为制定规则，它们更经常让我们深入了解人类的内在本质。
The latter function, however, is by no means entirely denied them; but as often as it is the nature of mankind itself that discloses itself to us in history or in our own experience, we have comprehended our experience, and the historian has comprehended history, with artistic eyes, poetically, _i.e._, according to the Idea, not the phenomenon, in its inner nature, not in its relations.
然而，后一种功能绝不是他们完全否认的。但是，每当人类本身的本质在历史或我们自己的经验中向我们揭示自己时，我们就理解了我们的经验，而历史学家则用艺术的眼光，诗意地理解了历史，也就是说，根据就其内在本质而言，而不是其关系而言，是理念，而不是现象。
Our own experience is the indispensable condition of understanding poetry as of understanding history; for it is, so to speak, the dictionary of the language that both speak.
我们自己的经验是理解诗歌和理解历史不可缺少的条件；因为可以说，它是双方语言的词典。
But history is related to poetry as portrait-painting is related to historical painting; the one gives us the true in the individual, the other the true in the universal; the one has the truth of the phenomenon, and can therefore verify it from the phenomenal, the other has the truth of the Idea, which can be found in no particular phenomenon, but yet speaks to us from them all.
但历史与诗歌的关系，正如肖像画与历史画的关系一样。一个给我们个人的真实，另一个给我们普遍的真实。一个人拥有现象的真理，因此可以从现象中验证它；另一个人拥有理念的真理，它在任何特定的现象中都找不到，但却可以从所有现象中向我们说话。
The poet from deliberate choice represents significant characters in significant situations; the historian takes both as they come.
诗人经过深思熟虑，在重要场合表现重要人物；历史学家将两者当成事实。
Indeed, he must regard and select the circumstances and the persons, not with reference to their inward and true significance, which expresses the Idea, but according to the outward, apparent, and relatively important significance with regard to the connection and the consequences.
事实上，他必须考虑和选择环境和人物，不是参考它们表达理念的内在和真正的意义，而是根据关于联系和后果的外在的、表面的和相对重要的意义。
He must consider nothing in and for itself in its essential character and expression, but must look at everything in its relations, in its connection, in its influence upon what follows, and especially upon its own age.
他必须从本质特征和表现形式上考虑任何事物本身，而必须从事物的关系、联系、对随后事物的影响，尤其是对其自身时代的影响来看待一切事物。
Therefore he will not overlook an action of a king, though of little significance, and in itself quite common, because it has results and influence.
因此，他不会忽视国王的一个行为，虽然意义不大，但其本身却很常见，因为它有结果和影响。
And, on the other hand, actions of the highest significance of particular and very eminent individuals are not to be recorded by him if they have no consequences.
另一方面，如果特定的、非常杰出的个人的最重要的行为没有后果，他就不会记录这些行为。
For his treatment follows the principle of sufficient reason, and apprehends the phenomenon, of which this principle is the form.
因为他的治疗遵循充足理由原则，并理解现象，而该原则就是现象的形式。
But the poet comprehends the Idea, the inner nature of man apart from all relations, outside all time, the adequate objectivity of the thing-in-itself, at its highest grade.
但诗人理解的是理念，即人的内在本质，远离所有关系，超越所有时间，物自体的充分客观性，处于最高水平。
Even in that method of treatment which is necessary for the historian, the inner nature and significance of the phenomena, the kernel of all these shells, can never be entirely lost.
即使采用历史学家所必需的处理方法，现象的内在本质和意义，即所有这些外壳的核心，也永远不会完全丢失。
He who seeks for it, at any rate, may find it and recognise it.
无论如何，寻求它的人可能会找到它并认出它。
Yet that which is significant in itself, not in its relations, the real unfolding of the Idea, will be found far more accurately and distinctly in poetry than in history, and, therefore, however paradoxical it may sound, far more really genuine inner truth is to be attributed to poetry than to history.
然而，在诗歌中比在历史中更准确、更清晰地发现本质上重要的东西，而不是其关系中的理念的真正展开，因此，无论听起来多么自相矛盾，内在真理都更加真实。与其说是历史，不如说是诗歌。
For the historian must accurately follow the particular event according to life, as it develops itself in time in the manifold tangled chains of causes and effects.
因为历史学家必须根据生活准确地追踪特定事件，因为它在错综复杂的因果链中及时发展。
It is, however, impossible that he can have all the data for this; he cannot have seen all and discovered all.
然而，他不可能拥有这方面的所有数据；他不可能看到一切并发现一切。
He is forsaken at every moment by the original of his picture, or a false one substitutes itself for it, and this so constantly that I think I may assume that in all history the false outweighs the true.
他每时每刻都被他的照片的原作所抛弃，或者用虚假的照片来代替它，这种情况如此频繁，以至于我想我可以假设在所有历史中虚假超过了真实。
The poet, on the contrary, has comprehended the Idea of man from some definite side which is to be represented; thus it is the nature of his own self that objectifies itself in it for him.
相反，诗人从要表现的某个确定的方面来理解人的理念。因此，正是他自己的本性在其中为他客观化了自己。
His knowledge, as we explained above when speaking of sculpture, is half _a priori_; his ideal stands before his mind firm, distinct, brightly illuminated, and cannot forsake him; therefore he shows us, in the mirror of his mind, the Idea pure and distinct, and his delineation of it down to the minutest particular is true as life itself.(59) The great ancient historians are, therefore, in those particulars in which their data fail them, for example, in the speeches of their heroes—poets; indeed their whole manner of handling their material approaches to the epic.
正如我们在上面谈到雕塑时所解释的那样，他的知识有一半是先验的；他的理想坚定地、鲜明地、明亮地矗立在他的脑海中，无法被抛弃。因此，他在他心灵的镜子中向我们展示了纯粹而清晰的理念，他对它的描述到最微小的细节就像生活本身一样真实。（59）因此，伟大的古代历史学家在那些细节中例如，他们的英雄——诗人的演讲中，他们的数据让他们失望了；事实上，他们处理物质的整个方式都接近史诗。
But this gives their representations unity, and enables them to retain inner truth, even when outward truth was not accessible, or indeed was falsified.
但这使他们的表述具有统一性，并使他们能够保留内在的真理，即使外在的真理无法获得，或者确实被伪造了。
And as we compared history to portrait-painting, in contradistinction to poetry, which corresponds to historical painting, we find that Winckelmann’s maxim, that the portrait ought to be the ideal of the individual, was followed by the ancient historians, for they represent the individual in such a way as to bring out that side of the Idea of man which is expressed in it.
当我们将历史与肖像画进行比较时，与对应于历史绘画的诗歌相比，我们发现古代历史学家遵循温克尔曼的格言，即肖像应该是个人的理想，因为他们代表了个体以这样一种方式来带出其中所表达的人的理念的那一面。
Modern historians, on the contrary, with few exceptions, give us in general only “a dust-bin and a lumber-room, and at the most a chronicle of the principal political events.” Therefore, whoever desires to know man in his inner nature, identical in all its phenomena and developments, to know him according to the Idea, will find that the works of the great, immortal poet present a far truer, more distinct picture, than the historians can ever give.
相反，现代历史学家几乎没有例外地给我们提供的只是“一个垃圾箱和一个杂物间，最多是一部主要政治事件的编年史”。因此，无论谁想要了解人的内在本性，了解人的所有现象和发展都是相同的，并根据理念来了解人，就会发现这位伟大的不朽诗人的作品呈现出一幅比他的作品更真实、更清晰的图画。历史学家可以给予。
For even the best of the historians are, as poets, far from the first; and moreover their hands are tied.
因为即使是最优秀的历史学家，作为诗人，也远非第一。而且他们的双手被绑住了。
In this aspect the relation between the historian and the poet may be illustrated by the following comparison.
在这方面，历史学家和诗人之间的关系可以通过以下比较来说明。
The mere, pure historian, who works only according to data, is like a man, who without any knowledge of mathematics, has investigated the relations of certain figures, which he has accidentally found, by measuring them; and the problem thus empirically solved is affected of course by all the errors of the drawn figure.
单纯的、纯粹的历史学家，只根据数据进行研究，就像一个没有任何数学知识的人，通过测量他偶然发现的某些数字来研究它们之间的关系；这样凭经验解决的问题当然会受到绘制图形的所有误差的影响。
The poet, on the other hand, is like the mathematician, who constructs these relations _a priori_ in pure perception, and expresses them not as they actually are in the drawn figure, but as they are in the Idea, which the drawing is intended to render for the senses.
另一方面，诗人就像数学家一样，在纯粹的感知中先验地构建这些关系，并表达它们，而不是按照它们在所画图形中的实际情况，而是按照它们在绘图所要表达的理念中的情况。渲染感官。
Therefore Schiller says:—       “What has never anywhere come to pass,     That alone never grows old.”   Indeed I must attribute greater value to biographies, and especially to autobiographies, in relation to the knowledge of the nature of man, than to history proper, at least as it is commonly handled.
因此席勒说：“凡是从来没有发生过的事情，只有它永远不会变老。”事实上，我必须赋予传记，特别是自传更大的价值，因为它与人性的知识有关，而不是历史本身，至少从通常处理的角度来看是这样。
Partly because in the former the data can be collected more accurately and completely than in the latter; partly, because in history proper, it is not so much men as nations and heroes that act, and the individuals who do appear, seem so far off, surrounded with such pomp and circumstance, clothed in the stiff robes of state, or heavy, inflexible armour, that it is really hard through all this to recognise the human movements.
部分原因是前者比后者可以更准确、更完整地收集数据；部分原因是，在历史上，行动的不是人，而是国家和英雄，而出现的个人似乎很遥远，被如此盛况和环境所包围，穿着僵硬的国家长袍，或者沉重的，僵化的盔甲，通过这一切确实很难识别人类的动作。
On the other hand, the life of the individual when described with truth, in a narrow sphere, shows the conduct of men in all its forms and subtilties, the excellence, the virtue, and even holiness of a few, the perversity, meanness, and knavery of most, the dissolute profligacy of some.
另一方面，当在一个狭窄的范围内用真实的方式描述个人的生活时，它会表现出人类各种形式和微妙的行为，表现出少数人的卓越、美德，甚至圣洁、乖僻、卑鄙、大多数人都是无赖的，有些人则是放荡的。
Besides, in the only aspect we are considering here, that of the inner significance of the phenomenal, it is quite the same whether the objects with which the action is concerned, are, relatively considered, trifling or important, farm-houses or kingdoms: for all these things in themselves are without significance, and obtain it only in so far as the will is moved by them.
此外，在我们在这里考虑的唯一方面，即现象的内在意义方面，无论行动所涉及的对象相对而言是微不足道的还是重要的，是农舍还是王国，都是完全相同的：因为所有这些东西本身并没有什么意义，只有在意志受其推动的情况下才具有意义。
The motive has significance only through its relation to the will, while the relation which it has as a thing to other things like itself, does not concern us here.
动机只有通过它与意志的关系才具有意义，而它作为一个事物与其他类似事物之间的关系，在这里与我们无关。
As a circle of one inch in diameter, and a circle of forty million miles in diameter, have precisely the same geometrical properties, so are the events and the history of a village and a kingdom essentially the same; and we may study and learn to know mankind as well in the one as in the other.
正如直径一英寸的圆和直径四千万英里的圆具有完全相同的几何性质一样，一个村庄和一个王国的事件和历史也本质上是相同的；我们可以研究并学会了解人类的一方面和另一方面。
It is also a mistake to suppose that autobiographies are full of deceit and dissimulation.
认为自传充满欺骗和掩饰也是错误的。
On the contrary, lying (though always possible) is perhaps more difficult there than elsewhere.
相反，在那里说谎（尽管总是可能的）也许比其他地方更困难。
Dissimulation is easiest in mere conversation; indeed, though it may sound paradoxical, it is really more difficult even in a letter.
单纯的谈话中最容易掩饰。事实上，虽然这听起来有些矛盾，但即使是在一封信中，它也确实更困难。
For in the case of a letter the writer is alone, and looks into himself, and not out on the world, so that what is strange and distant does not easily approach him; and he has not the test of the impression made upon another before his eyes.
因为在写信的时候，作者是孤独的，他会审视自己，而不是审视外面的世界，这样陌生和遥远的事物就不会轻易接近他。他没有检验过在他眼前给别人留下的印象。
But the receiver of the letter peruses it quietly in a mood unknown to the writer, reads it repeatedly and at different times, and thus easily finds out the concealed intention.
但收信人以写信人不知道的心情静静地阅读，在不同的时间反复阅读，很容易发现其中隐藏的意图。
We also get to know an author as a man most easily from his books, because all these circumstances act here still more strongly and permanently.
我们也可以从作家的书中最容易地了解他的为人，因为所有这些情况在这里发挥得更加强烈和持久。
And in an autobiography it is so difficult to dissimulate, that perhaps there does not exist a single one that is not, as a whole, more true, than any history that ever was written.
在自传中，要掩饰起来是非常困难的，以至于从整体上看，也许没有哪一部不比任何曾经写过的历史更真实。
The man who writes his own life surveys it as a whole, the particular becomes small, the near becomes distant, the distant becomes near again, the motives that influenced him shrink; he seats himself at the confessional, and has done so of his own free will; the spirit of lying does not so easily take hold of him here, for there is also in every man an inclination to truth which has first to be overcome whenever he lies, and which here has taken up a specially strong position.
写下自己一生的人将其作为一个整体来审视，特殊的事物变得渺小，近的事物变得遥远，远的事物又变得近，影响他的动机也随之缩小。他在忏悔室就座，而且是自愿这样做的。在这里，说谎的精神不太容易抓住他，因为每个人都有一种追求真理的倾向，每当他说谎时，这种倾向首先必须被克服，而这种倾向在这里占据了特别强烈的地位。
The relation between biography and the history of nations may be made clear for perception by means of the following comparison: History shows us mankind as a view from a high mountain shows us nature; we see much at a time, wide stretches, great masses, but nothing is distinct nor recognisable in all the details of its own peculiar nature.
传记与国家历史之间的关系可以通过以下比较来清晰地理解：历史向我们展示人类，就像从高山上向我们展示自然一样；历史向我们展示了人类，就像从高山上向我们展示自然一样；我们一次看到很多东西，广阔的范围，巨大的质量，但没有什么是独特的，也无法在其自身独特性质的所有细节中被识别。
On the other hand, the representation of the life of the individual shows us the man, as we see nature if we go about among her trees, plants, rocks, and waters.
另一方面，个体生活的再现向我们展示了人，就像我们在树木、植物、岩石和水域中走动时看到的自然一样。
But in landscape-painting, in which the artist lets us look at nature with his eyes, the knowledge of the Ideas, and the condition of pure will-less knowing, which is demanded by these, is made much easier for us; and, in the same way, poetry is far superior both to history and biography, in the representation of the Ideas which may be looked for in all three.
但在山水画中，艺术家让我们用眼睛观察自然，对理念的认识，以及这些所要求的纯粹无意志的认识的状态，对我们来说变得容易得多；同样地，诗歌在表达三者中都可以寻找的理念方面远远优于历史和传记。
For here also genius holds up to us the magic glass, in which all that is essential and significant appears before us collected and placed in the clearest light, and what is accidental and foreign is left out.(60)  The representation of the Idea of man, which is the work of the poet, may be performed, so that what is represented is also the representer.
因为在这里，天才也向我们举起了魔镜，其中所有本质和重要的东西都出现在我们面前，并被收集起来并置于最清晰的光线中，而偶然的和外来的东西则被排除在外。（60）人，即诗人的作品，可以被表演，因此被再现的东西也是再现者。
This is the case in lyrical poetry, in songs, properly so called, in which the poet only perceives vividly his own state and describes it.
在抒情诗、歌曲中就是这种情况，诗人只是生动地感知自己的状态并描述它。
Thus a certain subjectivity is essential to this kind of poetry from the nature of its object.
因此，从其对象的性质来看，这种诗歌必然具有一定的主观性。
Again, what is to be represented may be entirely different from him who represents it, as is the case in all other kinds of poetry, in which the poet more or less conceals himself behind his representation, and at last disappears altogether.
同样，要表现的东西可能与表现它的人完全不同，就像所有其他类型的诗歌一样，在这些诗歌中，诗人或多或少地将自己隐藏在他的表现背后，最后完全消失。
In the ballad the poet still expresses to some extent his own state through the tone and proportion of the whole; therefore, though much more objective than the lyric, it has yet something subjective.
在歌谣中，诗人仍然通过整体的音调和比例来表达自己的某种状态；因此，虽然它比抒情诗客观得多，但它仍然带有一些主观的东西。
This becomes less in the idyll, still less in the romantic poem, almost entirely disappears in the true epic, and even to the last vestige in the drama, which is the most objective and, in more than one respect, the completest and most difficult form of poetry.
这在田园诗中变得更少，在浪漫诗中更是如此，在真正的史诗中几乎完全消失，甚至在戏剧中消失殆尽，而戏剧是最客观的，并且在多个方面都是最完整和最困难的。诗歌的形式。
The lyrical form of poetry is consequently the easiest, and although art, as a whole, belongs only to the true man of genius, who so rarely appears, even a man who is not in general very remarkable may produce a beautiful song if, by actual strong excitement from without, some inspiration raises his mental powers; for all that is required for this is a lively perception of his own state at a moment of emotional excitement.
因此，诗歌的抒情形式是最简单的，虽然艺术，作为一个整体，只属于真正的天才，而他很少出现，但即使是一个一般不太引人注目的人也可以创作出一首优美的歌曲，如果外在的强烈兴奋，某种灵感提升了他的精神力；因为要做到这一点，所需要的只是在情绪激动的时刻对自己的状态进行生动的感知。
This is proved by the existence of many single songs by individuals who have otherwise remained unknown; especially the German national songs, of which we have an exquisite collection in the “Wunderhorn;” and also by innumerable love-songs and other songs of the people in all languages;—for to seize the mood of a moment and embody it in a song is the whole achievement of this kind of poetry.
许多单曲的存在就证明了这一点，而这些歌曲的作者却一直不为人知。尤其是德国民族歌曲，我们在“Wunderhorn”中收藏了精美的歌曲；以及各种语言的无数情歌和其他歌曲；因为抓住瞬间的情绪并将其体现在歌曲中是这种诗歌的全部成就。
Yet in the lyrics of true poets the inner nature of all mankind is reflected, and all that millions of past, present, and future men have found, or will find, in the same situations, which are constantly recurring, finds its exact expression in them.
然而，真正诗人的歌词反映了全人类的内在本性，数以百万计的过去、现在和未来的人已经发现或将会发现的一切，在不断重复出现的相同情况下，都得到了准确的表达。他们。
And because these situations, by constant recurrence, are permanent as man himself and always call up the same sensations, the lyrical productions of genuine poets remain through thousands of years true, powerful, and fresh.
因为这些情况不断地重复出现，就像人类本身一样是永恒的，并且总是唤起同样的感觉，所以真正诗人的抒情作品几千年来仍然真实、有力和新鲜。
But if the poet is always the universal man, then all that has ever moved a human heart, all that human nature in any situation has ever produced from itself, all that dwells and broods in any human breast—is his theme and his material, and also all the rest of nature.
但是，如果诗人始终是普遍的人，那么所有曾经感动人心的东西，所有在任何情况下从自身产生的人性，所有居住和沉思在任何人类胸中的东西——都是他的主题和材料，以及自然界的所有其他部分。
Therefore the poet may just as well sing of voluptuousness as of mysticism, be Anacreon or Angelus Silesius, write tragedies or comedies, represent the sublime or the common mind—according to humour or vocation.
因此，诗人既可以歌颂性感，也可以歌颂神秘主义，成为阿那克里翁或安吉鲁斯·西莱修斯，写悲剧或喜剧，代表崇高或平凡的思想——根据幽默或职业。
And no one has the right to prescribe to the poet what he ought to be—noble and sublime, moral, pious, Christian, one thing or another, still less to reproach him because he is one thing and not another.
没有人有权规定诗人应该成为什么样的人——高贵、崇高、有道德、虔诚、基督徒，等等，更没有权利责备他，因为他是一回事，而不是另一回事。
He is the mirror of mankind, and brings to its consciousness what it feels and does.
他是人类的镜子，将人类的感受和行为带入人类的意识中。
 If we now consider more closely the nature of the lyric proper, and select as examples exquisite and pure models, not those that approach in any way to some other form of poetry, such as the ballad, the elegy, the hymn, the epigram, &c., we shall find that the peculiar nature of the lyric, in the narrowest sense, is this: It is the subject of will, _i.e._, his own volition, which the consciousness of the singer feels; often as a released and satisfied desire (joy), but still oftener as a restricted desire (grief), always as an emotion, a passion, a moved frame of mind.
如果我们现在更仔细地考虑抒情诗本身的本质，并选择精致而纯粹的模式作为例子，而不是那些以任何方式接近其他诗歌形式的例子，例如民谣，挽歌，赞美诗，警句，等等，我们会发现，从最狭义的意义上来说，抒情诗的独特本质是这样的：它是意志的主题，即歌手自己的意志，是歌手的意识所感受到的；通常作为一种释放和满足的欲望（快乐），但更经常作为一种受限制的欲望（悲伤），总是作为一种情感、一种激情、一种感动的心境。
Besides this, however, and along with it, by the sight of surrounding nature, the singer becomes conscious of himself as the subject of pure, will-less knowing, whose unbroken blissful peace now appears, in contrast to the stress of desire which is always restricted and always needy.
然而，除此之外，伴随着它，通过周围的自然景象，歌手意识到自己是纯粹的、无意志的认识的主体，他的不间断的幸福平静现在出现了，与欲望的压力形成鲜明对比。总是受到限制，总是有需要。
The feeling of this contrast, this alternation, is really what the lyric as a whole expresses, and what principally constitutes the lyrical state of mind.
这种对比、这种交替的感觉，正是整个抒情诗所表达的，也是构成抒情心态的主要内容。
In it pure knowing comes to us, as it were, to deliver us from desire and its stain; we follow, but only for an instant; desire, the remembrance of our own personal ends, tears us anew from peaceful contemplation; yet ever again the next beautiful surrounding in which the pure will-less knowledge presents itself to us, allures us away from desire.
可以说，在其中，纯粹的认识降临到我们身上，将我们从欲望及其污点中解救出来。我们跟随，但只是一瞬间；欲望，即对我们个人目的的记忆，再次将我们从平静的沉思中撕裂。然而，在下一个美丽的环境中，纯粹的无意志的知识再次呈现在我们面前，引诱我们远离欲望。
Therefore, in the lyric and the lyrical mood, desire (the personal interest of the ends), and pure perception of the surrounding presented, are wonderfully mingled with each other; connections between them are sought for and imagined; the subjective disposition, the affection of the will, imparts its own hue to the perceived surrounding, and conversely, the surroundings communicate the reflex of their colour to the will.
因此，在抒情和抒情的情绪中，欲望（目的的个人利益）与所呈现的周围的纯粹感知，奇妙地相互融合；他们之间的联系被寻找和想象；主观倾向，即意志的情感，将其自己的色彩赋予所感知的周围环境，相反，周围环境将其颜色的反射传达给意志。
The true lyric is the expression of the whole of this mingled and divided state of mind.
真正的抒情诗就是这种混杂而分裂的心灵状态的整体表达。
In order to make clear by examples this abstract analysis of a frame of mind that is very far from all abstraction, any of the immortal songs of Goethe may be taken.
为了通过例子来阐明这种对远离抽象的心境的抽象分析，可以采用歌德的任何不朽歌曲。
As specially adapted for this end I shall recommend only a few: “The Shepherd’s Lament,” “Welcome and Farewell,” “To the Moon,” “On the Lake,” “Autumn;” also the songs in the “Wunderhorn” are excellent examples; particularly the one which begins, “O Bremen, I must now leave thee.” As a comical and happy parody of the lyrical character a song of Voss strikes me as remarkable.
为此专门改编的我只推荐几部：《牧羊人的挽歌》、《欢迎与告别》、《到月亮上》、《湖上》、《秋天》； “Wunderhorn”中的歌曲也是很好的例子；尤其是开头的那句话：“哦，不来梅，我现在必须离开你了。”作为对抒情人物的滑稽而快乐的模仿，沃斯的一首歌让我印象深刻。
It describes the feeling of a drunk plumber falling from a tower, who observes in passing that the clock on the tower is at half-past eleven, a remark which is quite foreign to his condition, and thus belongs to knowledge free from will.
它描述了一个醉酒的水管工从塔上摔下来的感觉，他顺便观察到塔上的时钟是十一点半，这句话与他的情况完全不同，因此属于不受意志影响的知识。
Whoever accepts the view that has been expressed of the lyrical frame of mind, will also allow, that it is the sensuous and poetical knowledge of the principle which I established in my essay on the Principle of Sufficient Reason, and have also referred to in this work, that the identity of the subject of knowing with that of willing may be called the miracle κατ᾽ εξοχην; so that the poetical effect of the lyric rests finally on the truth of that principle.
无论谁接受所表达的抒情心态的观点，也都会承认，它是我在《充足理由原则》的文章中所确立的原则的感性和诗意的知识，并且在本文中也提到过。工作，知道的主体与意愿的主体的同一性可以被称为奇迹κατ᾽ εψοχην；因此，抒情诗的诗意效果最终取决于这一原则的真实性。
In the course of life these two subjects, or, in popular language, head and heart, are ever becoming further apart; men are always separating more between their subjective feeling and their objective knowledge.
在生命的过程中，这两个主题，或者用通俗的话来说，就是头脑和心灵，越来越疏远。人们总是将主观感受与客观知识区分开来。
In the child the two are still entirely blended together; it scarcely knows how to distinguish itself from its surroundings, it is at one with them.
在孩子身上，这两者仍然完全融合在一起。它几乎不知道如何将自己与周围环境区分开来，但它与周围环境融为一体。
In the young man all perception chiefly affects feeling and mood, and even mingles with it, as Byron very beautifully expresses—       “I live not in myself, but I become     Portion of that around me; and to me     High mountains are a feeling.”   This is why the youth clings so closely to the perceptible and outward side of things; this is why he is only fit for lyrical poetry, and only the full-grown man is capable of the drama.
在年轻人身上，所有知觉主要影响感觉和情绪，甚至与之混合在一起，正如拜伦非常优美地表达的那样——“我不是活在自己身上，而是成为我周围事物的一部分；对我来说，高山是一种感觉。”这就是为什么年轻人如此执着于事物的可感知和外在的一面。这就是为什么他只适合写抒情诗，只有成熟的人才能写戏剧。
The old man we can think of as at the most an epic poet, like Ossian, and Homer, for narration is characteristic of old age.
我们最多可以将老人视为一位史诗诗人，如奥西安、荷马，因为叙事是老年的特征。
 In the more objective kinds of poetry, especially in the romance, the epic, and the drama, the end, the revelation of the Idea of man, is principally attained by two means, by true and profound representation of significant characters, and by the invention of pregnant situations in which they disclose themselves.
在比较客观的诗歌中，尤其是在浪漫主义、史诗和戏剧中，结局，即人的理念的揭示，主要通过两种方式来实现，即通过对重要人物的真实而深刻的表现，以及通过发明了她们公开自己的怀孕情况。
For as it is incumbent upon the chemist not only to exhibit the simple elements, pure and genuine, and their principal compounds, but also to expose them to the influence of such reagents as will clearly and strikingly bring out their peculiar qualities, so is it incumbent on the poet not only to present to us significant characters truly and faithfully as nature itself; but, in order that we may get to know them, he must place them in those situations in which their peculiar qualities will fully unfold themselves, and appear distinctly in sharp outline; situations which are therefore called significant.
因为化学家不仅有责任展示纯净、真实的简单元素及其主要化合物，而且还要将它们暴露在这些试剂的影响下，从而清楚地、引人注目地展现出它们的独特品质，因此诗人的责任不仅是向我们真实地、忠实地呈现自然本身的重要人物；但是，为了让我们能够了解他们，他必须将他们置于这样的情境中，在这些情境中，他们的独特品质将充分展现出来，并以清晰的轮廓清晰地显现出来。因此被称为重大的情况。
In real life, and in history, situations of this kind are rarely brought about by chance, and they stand alone, lost and concealed in the multitude of those which are insignificant.
在现实生活中，在历史上，这种情况很少是偶然发生的，它们是孤立的、迷失的、隐藏在众多微不足道的事情中的。
The complete significance of the situations ought to distinguish the romance, the epic, and the drama from real life as completely as the arrangement and selection of significant characters.
情景的完整意义应该像重要人物的安排和选择一样，将浪漫、史诗和戏剧与现实生活完全区分开来。
In both, however, absolute truth is a necessary condition of their effect, and want of unity in the characters, contradiction either of themselves or of the nature of humanity in general, as well as impossibility, or very great improbability in the events, even in mere accessories, offend just as much in poetry as badly drawn figures, false perspective, or wrong lighting in painting.
然而，在两者中，绝对真理是其效果的必要条件，并且人物之间缺乏统一性，他们本身或一般人性的矛盾，以及事件的不可能性或非常不可能，甚至诗歌中单纯的装饰物与绘画中画得糟糕的人物、错误的透视或错误的光线一样令人不快。
For both in poetry and painting we demand the faithful mirror of life, of man, of the world, only made more clear by the representation, and more significant by the arrangement.
因为无论是在诗歌还是绘画中，我们都要求忠实地反映生活、人、世界，只有通过再现才能使之更加清晰，通过安排而变得更加有意义。
For there is only one end of all the arts, the representation of the Ideas; and their essential difference lies simply in the different grades of the objectification of will to which the Ideas that are to be represented belong.
因为所有艺术只有一个目的，即表达思想；它们的本质区别仅仅在于所要表现的理念所属的意志客观化的不同等级。
This also determines the material of the representation.
这也决定了表现的材料。
Thus the arts which are most widely separated may yet throw light on each other.
因此，相距最远的艺术也可能相互照亮。
For example, in order to comprehend fully the Ideas of water it is not sufficient to see it in the quiet pond or in the evenly-flowing stream; but these Ideas disclose themselves fully only when the water appears under all circumstances and exposed to all kinds of obstacles.
例如，要充分理解水的意念，仅仅在安静的池塘或均匀流动的溪流中看到它是不够的；但只有当水在所有情况下出现并暴露于各种障碍时，这些想法才会完全显现出来。
The effects of the varied circumstances and obstacles give it the opportunity of fully exhibiting all its qualities.
各种环境和障碍的影响使其有机会充分展示其所有品质。
This is why we find it beautiful when it tumbles, rushes, and foams, or leaps into the air, or falls in a cataract of spray; or, lastly, if artificially confined it springs up in a fountain.
这就是为什么当它翻滚、冲腾、冒泡、跃入空中、落入水花瀑布时，我们会觉得它很美丽；或者，最后，如果人为限制，它会在喷泉中涌现。
Thus showing itself different under different circumstances, it yet always faithfully asserts its character; it is just as natural to it to spout up as to lie in glassy stillness; it is as ready for the one as for the other as soon as the circumstances appear.
因此，它在不同的情况下表现出不同的特点，但始终忠实地坚持自己的性格；它喷涌而出和躺在玻璃般的静止中一样自然。一旦情况出现，它就做好了应对这一情况的准备。
Now, what the engineer achieves with the fluid matter of water, the architect achieves with the rigid matter of stone, and just this the epic or dramatic poet achieves with the Idea of man.
现在，工程师用水的流体物质实现了，建筑师用石头的刚性物质实现了，而史诗或戏剧诗人用人的理念实现了这一点。
Unfolding and rendering distinct the Idea expressing itself in the object of every art, the Idea of the will which objectifies itself at each grade, is the common end of all the arts.
展开并阐明在每一种艺术的对象中表达自身的理念，即在每个等级中客观化自身的意志理念，是所有艺术的共同目标。
The life of man, as it shows itself for the most part in the real world, is like the water, as it is generally seen in the pond and the river; but in the epic, the romance, the tragedy, selected characters are placed in those circumstances in which all their special qualities unfold themselves, the depths of the human heart are revealed, and become visible in extraordinary and very significant actions.
人的生命，正如它在现实世界中大部分表现出来的那样，就像水一样，就像通常在池塘和河流中看到的那样；但在史诗、浪漫、悲剧中，选定的人物被置于这样的环境中，他们所有的特殊品质都展现出来，人心的深处被揭示出来，并在非凡和非常重要的行动中变得可见。
Thus poetry objectifies the Idea of man, an Idea which has the peculiarity of expressing itself in highly individual characters.
因此，诗歌将人的理念客观化，这种理念具有以高度个性化的特征表达自己的独特性。
 Tragedy is to be regarded, and is recognised as the summit of poetical art, both on account of the greatness of its effect and the difficulty of its achievement.
悲剧被视为诗歌艺术的顶峰，因为它的影响之大，也因为其实现的难度。
It is very significant for our whole system, and well worthy of observation, that the end of this highest poetical achievement is the representation of the terrible side of life.
对于我们的整个系统来说非常重要，并且非常值得观察，这一最高诗意成就的结局是生活可怕的一面的表现。
The unspeakable pain, the wail of humanity, the triumph of evil, the scornful mastery of chance, and the irretrievable fall of the just and innocent, is here presented to us; and in this lies a significant hint of the nature of the world and of existence.
难以言喻的痛苦、人性的哀嚎、邪恶的胜利、机遇的轻蔑掌握、以及正义和无辜者不可挽回的堕落，都在这里呈现在我们面前；这其中蕴藏着对世界和存在本质的重要暗示。
It is the strife of will with itself, which here, completely unfolded at the highest grade of its objectivity, comes into fearful prominence.
这是意志与自身的冲突，在这里，这种冲突以其最高的客观性完全展现出来，变得令人恐惧。
It becomes visible in the suffering of men, which is now introduced, partly through chance and error, which appear as the rulers of the world, personified as fate, on account of their insidiousness, which even reaches the appearance of design; partly it proceeds from man himself, through the self-mortifying efforts of a few, through the wickedness and perversity of most.
它在人们的痛苦中变得显而易见，这种痛苦现在部分是由于偶然和错误而引入的，他们表现为世界的统治者，人格化为命运，由于他们的阴险，甚至达到了设计的表面；部分原因是人类本身，通过少数人的自我苦行，通过大多数人的邪恶和反常。
It is one and the same will that lives and appears in them all, but whose phenomena fight against each other and destroy each other.
它们中存在和出现的是同一个意志，但它们的现象相互斗争、相互毁灭。
In one individual it appears powerfully, in another more weakly; in one more subject to reason, and softened by the light of knowledge, in another less so, till at last, in some single case, this knowledge, purified and heightened by suffering itself, reaches the point at which the phenomenon, the veil of Mâya, no longer deceives it.
在一个人身上它显得很强大，在另一个人身上则显得较弱；在一个方面更加服从于理性，并被知识之光软化，在另一个方面则不那么如此，直到最后，在某些单一情况下，这种知识通过痛苦本身而净化和增强，达到了这样一种现象：玛雅，不再欺骗它了。
It sees through the form of the phenomenon, the _principium individuationis_.
它看穿了现象的形式，即“个体化原理”。
The egoism which rests on this perishes with it, so that now the _motives_ that were so powerful before have lost their might, and instead of them the complete knowledge of the nature of the world, which has a _quieting_ effect on the will, produces resignation, the surrender not merely of life, but of the very will to live.
以此为基础的利己主义也随之消失，因此，以前如此强大的“动机”现在已经失去了力量，取而代之的是对世界本质的完整了解，这对意志具有“平静”的作用，产生了顺从，不仅是生命的屈服，而且是生存意志的屈服。
Thus we see in tragedies the noblest men, after long conflict and suffering, at last renounce the ends they have so keenly followed, and all the pleasures of life for ever, or else freely and joyfully surrender life itself.
因此，我们在悲剧中看到，最崇高的人在经历了长期的冲突和痛苦之后，最终放弃了他们如此热切追求的目标，永远放弃了生活中的所有乐趣，或者自由而快乐地放弃了生活本身。
So is it with the steadfast prince of Calderon; with Gretchen in “Faust;” with Hamlet, whom his friend Horatio would willingly follow, but is bade remain a while, and in this harsh world draw his breath in pain, to tell the story of Hamlet, and clear his memory; so also is it with the Maid of Orleans, the Bride of Messina; they all die purified by suffering, _i.e._, after the will to live which was formerly in them is dead.
坚定的卡尔德隆王子也是如此。与格雷琴在《浮士德》中合作；与哈姆雷特在一起，他的朋友霍雷肖愿意跟随哈姆雷特，但他被要求停留一段时间，在这个严酷的世界中痛苦地呼吸，讲述哈姆雷特的故事，并清除他的记忆； 《奥尔良少女》、《墨西拿新娘》也是如此。他们都因痛苦而净化了死亡，也就是说，在他们以前的生存意愿死了之后。
In the “Mohammed” of Voltaire this is actually expressed in the concluding words which the dying Palmira addresses to Mohammad: “The world is for tyrants: live!” On the other hand, the demand for so-called poetical justice rests on entire misconception of the nature of tragedy, and, indeed, of the nature of the world itself.
在伏尔泰的《穆罕默德》中，这实际上表达在临终的帕尔米拉对穆罕默德说的结束语中：“世界是为暴君服务的：活着！”另一方面，对所谓诗意正义的要求建立在对悲剧本质乃至世界本身本质的完全误解之上。
It boldly appears in all its dulness in the criticisms which Dr.
它在博士的批评中大胆地表现出其所有的乏味。
Samuel Johnson made on particular plays of Shakespeare, for he very naïvely laments its entire absence.
塞缪尔·约翰逊对莎士比亚的特定戏剧进行了表演，因为他非常天真地哀叹莎士比亚的全部缺席。
And its absence is certainly obvious, for in what has Ophelia, Desdemona, or Cordelia offended? But only the dull, optimistic, Protestant-rationalistic, or peculiarly Jewish view of life will make the demand for poetical justice, and find satisfaction in it.
它的缺失当然是显而易见的，因为奥菲莉亚、苔丝狄蒙娜或科迪莉亚到底冒犯了什么？但只有沉闷、乐观、新教理性主义或犹太特有的生活观才会提出对诗意正义的要求，并从中找到满足。
The true sense of tragedy is the deeper insight, that it is not his own individual sins that the hero atones for, but original sin, _i.e._, the crime of existence itself:       “Pues el delito mayor     Del hombre es haber nacido;”      (“For the greatest crime of man     Is that he was born;”)   as Calderon exactly expresses it.
悲剧的真正意义在于更深刻的洞察，即英雄所赎罪的不是他自己的个人罪孽，而是原罪，即存在本身的罪行：“Pues el delito mayor Del hombre es haber nacido ;” （“人最大的罪行就是他出生了；”）卡尔德隆准确地表达了这一点。
 I shall allow myself only one remark, more closely concerning the treatment of tragedy.
我只允许自己谈一谈，更密切地涉及对悲剧的处理。
The representation of a great misfortune is alone essential to tragedy.
对巨大不幸的表现对于悲剧来说是必不可少的。
But the many different ways in which this is introduced by the poet may be brought under three specific conceptions.
但诗人介绍这一点的许多不同方式可以归入三个特定的概念之下。
It may happen by means of a character of extraordinary wickedness, touching the utmost limits of possibility, who becomes the author of the misfortune; examples of this kind are Richard III., Iago in “Othello,” Shylock in “The Merchant of Venice,” Franz Moor, Phædra of Euripides, Creon in the “Antigone,” &c., &c.
它可能是由一个极其邪恶的人物发生的，触及了可能性的最大极限，他成为了不幸的根源。此类的例子有《奥赛罗》中的理查三世、伊阿古、《威尼斯商人》中的夏洛克、弗朗兹·摩尔、欧里庇得斯的费德拉、《安提戈涅》中的克瑞翁等等。
Secondly, it may happen through blind fate, _i.e._, chance and error; a true pattern of this kind is the Œdipus Rex of Sophocles, the “Trachiniæ” also; and in general most of the tragedies of the ancients belong to this class.
其次，它可能是由于盲目的命运而发生的，即偶然和错误；这种真正的模式是索福克勒斯的《俄狄浦斯王》，也称为“Trachiniæ”。一般来说，古人的悲剧大多属于这一类。
Among modern tragedies, “Romeo and Juliet,” “Tancred” by Voltaire, and “The Bride of Messina,” are examples.
现代悲剧中有《罗密欧与朱丽叶》、伏尔泰的《坦克雷德》、《墨西拿的新娘》等。
Lastly, the misfortune may be brought about by the mere position of the _dramatis personæ_ with regard to each other, through their relations; so that there is no need either for a tremendous error or an unheard-of accident, nor yet for a character whose wickedness reaches the limits of human possibility; but characters of ordinary morality, under circumstances such as often occur, are so situated with regard to each other that their position compels them, knowingly and with their eyes open, to do each other the greatest injury, without any one of them being entirely in the wrong.
最后，不幸可能仅仅由戏剧人物之间的立场、通过他们的关系造成；因此，既不需要犯下巨大的错误，也不需要发生闻所未闻的事故，也不需要一个邪恶达到人类可能性极限的人物；但是，具有普通道德的人物，在经常发生的情况下，彼此之间的关系如此，以至于他们的位置迫使他们明知而睁大眼睛，对彼此造成最大的伤害，而没有任何一个人完全处于困境之中。错的。
This last kind of tragedy seems to me far to surpass the other two, for it shows us the greatest misfortune, not as an exception, not as something occasioned by rare circumstances or monstrous characters, but as arising easily and of itself out of the actions and characters of men, indeed almost as essential to them, and thus brings it terribly near to us.
在我看来，最后一种悲剧远远超过了其他两种，因为它向我们展示了最大的不幸，它不是一种例外，也不是由罕见的情况或可怕的人物引起的，而是很容易从行为中自然产生的。和人的性格，实际上对他们来说几乎同样重要，因此使我们非常接近。
In the other two kinds we may look on the prodigious fate and the horrible wickedness as terrible powers which certainly threaten us, but only from afar, which we may very well escape without taking refuge in renunciation.
在另外两种情况下，我们可以将惊人的命运和可怕的邪恶视为可怕的力量，它们确实威胁着我们，但只是从远处，我们很可能无需寻求放弃而逃避它们。
But in the last kind of tragedy we see that those powers which destroy happiness and life are such that their path to us also is open at every moment; we see the greatest sufferings brought about by entanglements that our fate might also partake of, and through actions that perhaps we also are capable of performing, and so could not complain of injustice; then shuddering we feel ourselves already in the midst of hell.
但在最后一种悲剧中，我们看到那些摧毁幸福和生命的力量，它们通往我们的道路也每时每刻都敞开着。我们看到最大的痛苦是由我们的命运也可能参与的纠缠所带来的，也是由我们也有能力采取的行动所带来的，因此我们不能抱怨不公正；然后我们浑身颤抖，感觉自己已经身处地狱之中。
This last kind of tragedy is also the most difficult of achievement; for the greatest effect has to be produced in it with the least use of means and causes of movement, merely through the position and distribution of the characters; therefore even in many of the best tragedies this difficulty is evaded.
这最后一种悲剧也是最难成就的。因为仅通过角色的位置和分布，就必须使用最少的手段和运动原因来产生最大的效果。因此，即使在许多最好的悲剧中，这个困难也被回避了。
Yet one tragedy may be referred to as a perfect model of this kind, a tragedy which in other respects is far surpassed by more than one work of the same great master; it is “Clavigo.” “Hamlet” belongs to a certain extent to this class, as far as the relation of Hamlet to Laertes and Ophelia is concerned.
然而，一部悲剧可以说是此类悲剧的完美典范，在其他方面，同一位伟大大师的不止一部作品都远远超越了这部悲剧。这是“克拉维戈”。就哈姆雷特与雷欧提斯和奥菲莉亚的关系而言，《哈姆雷特》在一定程度上属于这一类。
“Wallenstein” has also this excellence.
《华伦斯坦》也有这种优秀之处。
“Faust” belongs entirely to this class, if we regard the events connected with Gretchen and her brother as the principal action; also the “Cid” of Corneille, only that it lacks the tragic conclusion, while on the contrary the analogous relation of Max to Thecla has it.(61)  § 52.
如果我们把与格雷琴和她的兄弟有关的事件视为主要行动，那么《浮士德》就完全属于这一类。也是高乃依的“Cid”，只是它缺乏悲剧性的结论，而相反，麦克斯与塞克拉的类似关系却有。(61) § 52。
Now that we have considered all the fine arts in the general way that is suitable to our point of view, beginning with architecture, the peculiar end of which is to elucidate the objectification of will at the lowest grades of its visibility, in which it shows itself as the dumb unconscious tendency of the mass in accordance with laws, and yet already reveals a breach of the unity of will with itself in a conflict between gravity and rigidity—and ending with the consideration of tragedy, which presents to us at the highest grades of the objectification of will this very conflict with itself in terrible magnitude and distinctness; we find that there is still another fine art which has been excluded from our consideration, and had to be excluded, for in the systematic connection of our exposition there was no fitting place for it—I mean _music_.
现在我们已经以适合我们观点的一般方式考虑了所有美术，从建筑开始，其独特的目的是阐明最低可见度等级的意志的客体化，其中它表现出它本身就是大众遵循规律的愚蠢的无意识倾向，但在重力和僵化之间的冲突中已经揭示了意志与自身统一的破坏——并以悲剧的考虑结束，悲剧向我们呈现了最高的境界。意志的客体化的等级与自身的冲突具有可怕的规模和明显性；我们发现，还有另一种艺术被排除在我们的考虑范围之外，并且不得不被排除，因为在我们的阐述的系统联系中，没有合适的位置——我指的是音乐。
It stands alone, quite cut off from all the other arts.
它是孤立的，与所有其他艺术完全隔绝。
In it we do not recognise the copy or repetition of any Idea of existence in the world.
在其中，我们不认识到世界上任何存在观念的复制或重复。
Yet it is such a great and exceedingly noble art, its effect on the inmost nature of man is so powerful, and it is so entirely and deeply understood by him in his inmost consciousness as a perfectly universal language, the distinctness of which surpasses even that of the perceptible world itself, that we certainly have more to look for in it than an _exercitum arithmeticæ occultum nescientis se numerare animi_,(62) which Leibnitz called it.
然而，它是一门如此伟大和极其崇高的艺术，它对人的内心本质的影响如此强大，并且在他的内心深处，它作为一种完全通用的语言被人完全而深刻地理解，其独特性甚至超越了人类的语言。关于可感知世界本身，我们当然可以在其中寻找更多东西，而不是莱布尼茨所说的_exercitum mathsæ ocultum nescientis se numerare animi_（62）。
Yet he was perfectly right, as he considered only its immediate external significance, its form.
然而他是完全正确的，因为他只考虑了其直接的外部意义和形式。
But if it were nothing more, the satisfaction which it affords would be like that which we feel when a sum in arithmetic comes out right, and could not be that intense pleasure with which we see the deepest recesses of our nature find utterance.
但如果仅此而已，它所带来的满足感就像算术中的求和结果正确时所感受到的那样，而不是我们看到我们本性最深处的表达时所感受到的强烈快乐。
From our standpoint, therefore, at which the æsthetic effect is the criterion, we must attribute to music a far more serious and deep significance, connected with the inmost nature of the world and our own self, and in reference to which the arithmetical proportions, to which it may be reduced, are related, not as the thing signified, but merely as the sign.
因此，从我们的立场来看，以审美效果为标准，我们必须赋予音乐一种更为严肃和深刻的意义，它与世界的最本质和我们自己的本质有关，并且相对于算术比例，它可能被简化为相关的东西，而不是作为所表示的事物，而仅仅是作为符号。
That in some sense music must be related to the world as the representation to the thing represented, as the copy to the original, we may conclude from the analogy of the other arts, all of which possess this character, and affect us on the whole in the same way as it does, only that the effect of music is stronger, quicker, more necessary and infallible.
从某种意义上说，音乐必须与世界相关，就像再现与所再现的事物、复制品与原作一样，我们可以从其他艺术的类比中得出结论，所有这些艺术都具有这种特征，并从整体上影响我们同样的，只是音乐的效果更强、更快、更必要、更可靠。
Further, its representative relation to the world must be very deep, absolutely true, and strikingly accurate, because it is instantly understood by every one, and has the appearance of a certain infallibility, because its form may be reduced to perfectly definite rules expressed in numbers, from which it cannot free itself without entirely ceasing to be music.
此外，它与世界的代表性关系必须是非常深刻的、绝对真实的、极其准确的，因为它可以立即被每个人理解，并且具有一定的无误性，因为它的形式可以简化为以数字，如果不完全不再是音乐，它就无法摆脱数字。
Yet the point of comparison between music and the world, the respect in which it stands to the world in the relation of a copy or repetition, is very obscure.
然而，音乐与世界之间的比较点，以及音乐在复制或重复的关系中对世界的尊重，却是非常模糊的。
Men have practised music in all ages without being able to account for this; content to understand it directly, they renounce all claim to an abstract conception of this direct understanding itself.
各个时代的人们都在练习音乐，但却无法解释这一点。他们满足于直接理解它，但放弃了对这种直接理解本身的抽象概念的所有主张。
 I gave my mind entirely up to the impression of music in all its forms, and then returned to reflection and the system of thought expressed in the present work, and thus I arrived at an explanation of the inner nature of music and of the nature of its imitative relation to the world—which from analogy had necessarily to be presupposed—an explanation which is quite sufficient for myself, and satisfactory to my investigation, and which will doubtless be equally evident to any one who has followed me thus far and has agreed with my view of the world.
我完全沉浸在对各种形式的音乐的印象中，然后又回到反思和本作品所表达的思想体系，从而对音乐的内在本质和音乐的本质做出了解释。它与世界的模仿关系——从类比中必须预先假定这一关系——这种解释对我来说是足够充分的，对我的研究来说是令人满意的，而且对于任何迄今为止跟随我并同意的人来说，这无疑将同样明显以我的世界观。
Yet I recognise the fact that it is essentially impossible to prove this explanation, for it assumes and establishes a relation of music, as idea, to that which from its nature can never be idea, and music will have to be regarded as the copy of an original which can never itself be directly presented as idea.
然而我承认，要证明这种解释本质上是不可能的，因为它假设并建立了音乐作为观念与本质上永远不可能是观念的事物之间的关系，而音乐必须被视为音乐的复制品。一个原创性的东西本身永远不能直接作为想法呈现。
I can therefore do no more than state here, at the conclusion of this third book, which has been principally devoted to the consideration of the arts, the explanation of the marvellous art of music which satisfies myself, and I must leave the acceptance or denial of my view to the effect produced upon each of my readers both by music itself and by the whole system of thought communicated in this work.
因此，我只能在这第三本书的结尾处指出，这本书主要致力于对艺术的思考，对令我满意的奇妙音乐艺术的解释，我必须放弃接受或否认我对音乐本身以及这部作品中传达的整个思想体系对我的每个读者产生的影响的看法。
Moreover, I regard it as necessary, in order to be able to assent with full conviction to the exposition of the significance of music I am about to give, that one should often listen to music with constant reflection upon my theory concerning it, and for this again it is necessary to be very familiar with the whole of my system of thought.
此外，我认为，为了能够完全相信我即将给出的音乐意义的阐述，人们应该经常在听音乐时不断反思我的有关音乐的理论，这是必要的。这又需要非常熟悉我的整个思想体系。
 The (Platonic) Ideas are the adequate objectification of will.
 （柏拉图式）理念是意志的充分客观化。
To excite or suggest the knowledge of these by means of the representation of particular things (for works of art themselves are always representations of particular things) is the end of all the other arts, which can only be attained by a corresponding change in the knowing subject.
通过对特定事物的表现来激发或暗示这些知识（因为艺术作品本身总是对特定事物的表现）是所有其他艺术的目的，这只能通过认识上的相应改变来实现。主题。
Thus all these arts objectify the will indirectly only by means of the Ideas; and since our world is nothing but the manifestation of the Ideas in multiplicity, though their entrance into the _principium individuationis_ (the form of the knowledge possible for the individual as such), music also, since it passes over the Ideas, is entirely independent of the phenomenal world, ignores it altogether, could to a certain extent exist if there was no world at all, which cannot be said of the other arts.
因此，所有这些艺术都只是通过理念间接地将意志客观化。由于我们的世界只不过是观念的多样性表现，尽管它们进入了个体化原则（个体本身可能的知识形式），音乐也因为超越了观念而完全独立于观念。现象世界，完全忽略它，如果根本没有世界的话，在一定程度上也可以存在，这是其他艺术不能说的。
Music is as _direct_ an objectification and copy of the whole _will_ as the world itself, nay, even as the Ideas, whose multiplied manifestation constitutes the world of individual things.
音乐就像世界本身一样，是整个意志的_直接_客观化和复制，不，甚至就像理念一样，理念的多重表现构成了个体事物的世界。
Music is thus by no means like the other arts, the copy of the Ideas, but the _copy of the will itself_, whose objectivity the Ideas are.
因此，音乐绝不像其他艺术那样是理念的复制品，而是“意志本身的复制品”，而理念就是其客观性。
This is why the effect of music is so much more powerful and penetrating than that of the other arts, for they speak only of shadows, but it speaks of the thing itself.
这就是为什么音乐的效果比其他艺术的效果更加强大和具有穿透力，因为它们只讲述阴影，但却讲述事物本身。
Since, however, it is the same will which objectifies itself both in the Ideas and in music, though in quite different ways, there must be, not indeed a direct likeness, but yet a parallel, an analogy, between music and the Ideas whose manifestation in multiplicity and incompleteness is the visible world.
然而，由于在理念和音乐中客观化自身的意志是相同的，尽管以完全不同的方式，所以在音乐和理念之间必然存在着一种平行的、类比的关系，而不是一种直接的相似性。多样性和不完整性的表现就是可见的世界。
The establishing of this analogy will facilitate, as an illustration, the understanding of this exposition, which is so difficult on account of the obscurity of the subject.
作为例证，建立这个类比将有助于理解这个阐述，而由于主题的晦涩，理解这个阐述是非常困难的。
 I recognise in the deepest tones of harmony, in the bass, the lowest grades of the objectification of will, unorganised nature, the mass of the planet.
我在最深沉的和谐音调中、在低音中认识到最低等级的意志客观化、无组织的自然、地球的质量。
It is well known that all the high notes which are easily sounded, and die away more quickly, are produced by the vibration in their vicinity of the deep bass-notes.
众所周知，所有容易发出并且消失得更快的高音都是由深低音附近的振动产生的。
When, also, the low notes sound, the high notes always sound faintly, and it is a law of harmony that only those high notes may accompany a bass-note which actually already sound along with it of themselves (its _sons harmoniques_) on account of its vibration.
同样，当低音响起时，高音总是微弱地响起，这是一个和声法则，只有那些高音可以伴随低音音符，而低音音符实际上已经随着低音音符一起响起（它的_儿子和声_）。其振动。
This is analogous to the fact that the whole of the bodies and organisations of nature must be regarded as having come into existence through gradual development out of the mass of the planet; this is both their supporter and their source, and the same relation subsists between the high notes and the bass.
这类似于这样一个事实：自然界的整个物体和组织必须被视为是通过地球质量的逐渐发展而存在的；这既是它们的支持者，也是它们的源泉，高音和低音之间也存在同样的关系。
There is a limit of depth, below which no sound is audible.
深度是有限制的，低于这个深度就听不到任何声音。
This corresponds to the fact that no matter can be perceived without form and quality, _i.e._, without the manifestation of a force which cannot be further explained, in which an Idea expresses itself, and, more generally, that no matter can be entirely without will.
这对应于这样一个事实：任何物质都可以在没有形式和质量的情况下被感知，也就是说，没有一种无法进一步解释的力量的表现，一个理念在其中表达自己，更一般地说，任何物质都不能被感知。完全没有意愿。
Thus, as a certain pitch is inseparable from the note as such, so a certain grade of the manifestation of will is inseparable from matter.
因此，正如一定的音高与音符本身密不可分一样，意志的一定程度的表现也与物质密不可分。
Bass is thus, for us, in harmony what unorganised nature, the crudest mass, upon which all rests, and from which everything originates and develops, is in the world.
因此，对我们来说，低音是世界上无组织的自然、最原始的物质，是一切事物赖以生存、起源和发展的和谐之物。
Now, further, in the whole of the complemental parts which make up the harmony between the bass and the leading voice singing the melody, I recognise the whole gradation of the Ideas in which the will objectifies itself.
现在，更进一步，在构成低音和主唱旋律之间和谐的整个互补部分中，我认识到意志将自身客观化的理念的整个层次。
Those nearer to the bass are the lower of these grades, the still unorganised, but yet manifold phenomenal things; the higher represent to me the world of plants and beasts.
那些接近低音的是这些等级中较低的，仍然是无组织的，但仍然是多方面的现象。对我来说，更高的代表植物和野兽的世界。
The definite intervals of the scale are parallel to the definite grades of the objectification of will, the definite species in nature.
尺度的确定区间与意志客体化的确定等级、自然界中的确定种类是平行的。
The departure from the arithmetical correctness of the intervals, through some temperament, or produced by the key selected, is analogous to the departure of the individual from the type of the species.
通过某种气质或由所选择的键产生的音程的算术正确性的偏离类似于个体与物种类型的偏离。
Indeed, even the impure discords, which give no definite interval, may be compared to the monstrous abortions produced by beasts of two species, or by man and beast.
事实上，即使是不纯粹的不和谐，没有给出明确的间隔，也可以与两个物种的野兽或人与野兽所造成的可怕的堕胎相比较。
But to all these bass and complemental parts which make up the _harmony_ there is wanting that connected progress which belongs only to the high voice singing the melody, and it alone moves quickly and lightly in modulations and runs, while all these others have only a slower movement without a connection in each part for itself.
但是，对于构成_和声_的所有这些低音和补充部分来说，都需要一种仅属于唱旋律的高音的连接进展，并且只有它在转调和运行中快速而轻快地移动，而所有这些其他部分只有较慢的速度每个部分本身没有连接的运动。
The deep bass moves most slowly, the representative of the crudest mass.
深沉的低音移动最慢，代表最原始的质量。
Its rising and falling occurs only by large intervals, in thirds, fourths, fifths, never by _one_ tone, unless it is a base inverted by double counterpoint.
它的上升和下降仅以大音程、三度、四度、五度发生，绝不会以单音发生，除非它是通过双对位法倒转的基音。
This slow movement is also physically essential to it; a quick run or shake in the low notes cannot even be imagined.
这种缓慢的运动对于身体来说也是必不可少的。低音的快速运行或颤动甚至是无法想象的。
The higher complemental parts, which are parallel to animal life, move more quickly, but yet without melodious connection and significant progress.
与动物生命平行的高级互补部分移动得更快，但缺乏优美的联系和显着的进展。
The disconnected course of all the complemental parts, and their regulation by definite laws, is analogous to the fact that in the whole irrational world, from the crystal to the most perfect animal, no being has a connected consciousness of its own which would make its life into a significant whole, and none experiences a succession of mental developments, none perfects itself by culture, but everything exists always in the same way according to its kind, determined by fixed law.
所有互补部分的互不相连的过程，以及它们受明确法则的调节，类似于这样一个事实：在整个非理性世界中，从水晶到最完美的动物，没有一个存在体具有自己的连接意识，可以使其生命成为一个重要的整体，没有人经历一系列的心理发展，没有人通过文化完善自己，但一切事物总是按照其种类、由固定的法则决定以同样的方式存在。
Lastly, in the _melody_, in the high, singing, principal voice leading the whole and progressing with unrestrained freedom, in the unbroken significant connection of _one_ thought from beginning to end representing a whole, I recognise the highest grade of the objectification of will, the intellectual life and effort of man.
最后，在旋律中，在高亢、歌唱性的主音主导整体、自由无拘无束地进行中，在一个思想自始至终代表整体的不间断的重大联系中，我认识到意志客观化的最高境界，人类的智力生活和努力。
As he alone, because endowed with reason, constantly looks before and after on the path of his actual life and its innumerable possibilities, and so achieves a course of life which is intellectual, and therefore connected as a whole; corresponding to this, I say, the _melody_ has significant intentional connection from beginning to end.
只有他，因为被赋予了理性，不断地前后审视他的现实生活的道路及其无数的可能性，从而实现了一种理智的、因此是整体相连的生活进程；与此相对应，我说，旋律从头到尾都有明显的有意联系。
It records, therefore, the history of the intellectually enlightened will.
因此，它记录了智力启蒙意志的历史。
This will expresses itself in the actual world as the series of its deeds; but melody says more, it records the most secret history of this intellectually-enlightened will, pictures every excitement, every effort, every movement of it, all that which the reason collects under the wide and negative concept of feeling, and which it cannot apprehend further through its abstract concepts.
这会在现实世界中表现为一系列的行为吗？但旋律说得更多，它记录了这种理智启蒙的意志最秘密的历史，描绘了它的每一次兴奋、每一次努力、每一个动作，以及理性在广泛而消极的情感概念下收集到的、它无法理解的一切。进一步通过其抽象概念。
Therefore it has always been said that music is the language of feeling and of passion, as words are the language of reason.
因此，人们常说音乐是情感和激情的语言，正如文字是理性的语言一样。
Plato explains it as ἡ των μελων κινησις μεμιμημενη, εν τοις παθημασιν ὁταν ψυχη γινηται (_melodiarum motus, animi affectus imitans_), De Leg.
柏拉图将其解释为成员的运动被模仿，在痛苦中，当灵魂变成（_melodiarum motus，animiaffeusimitans_），De Leg。
vii.; and also Aristotle says: δια τι οἱ ρυθμοι και τα μελη, φωνη ουσα, ηθεσιν εοικε (_cur numeri musici et modi, qui voces sunt, moribus similes sese exhibent?_): Probl.
七.?亚里士多德还说：节奏和成员是什么，听到的声音，ethesin eike（_cur numeri musici et modi，qui voces sunt，moribus similes sese exhibent？_）：问题。
c.
C。
19
19
 Now the nature of man consists in this, that his will strives, is satisfied and strives anew, and so on for ever.
人的本性在于，他的意志会努力奋斗、得到满足并重新奋斗，如此下去，直到永远。
Indeed, his happiness and well-being consist simply in the quick transition from wish to satisfaction, and from satisfaction to a new wish.
事实上，他的幸福和幸福仅仅在于从愿望到满足，以及从满足到新愿望的快速转变。
For the absence of satisfaction is suffering, the empty longing for a new wish, languor, _ennui_.
因为缺乏满足就是痛苦，对新愿望的空虚渴望、倦怠、倦怠。
And corresponding to this the nature of melody is a constant digression and deviation from the key-note in a thousand ways, not only to the harmonious intervals to the third and dominant, but to every tone, to the dissonant sevenths and to the superfluous degrees; yet there always follows a constant return to the key-note.
与此相对应的是，旋律的本质是以一千种方式不断地离题和偏离基调，不仅是到三度和属音的和谐音程，而且是到每一个音调，到不协和的七度和多余的度数。 ;然而，总是会不断地回到基调。
In all these deviations melody expresses the multifarious efforts of will, but always its satisfaction also by the final return to an harmonious interval, and still more, to the key-note.
在所有这些偏差中，旋律表达了意志的多种努力，但最终也总是通过回到和谐的音程，更重要的是回到基调而得到满足。
The composition of melody, the disclosure in it of all the deepest secrets of human willing and feeling, is the work of genius, whose action, which is more apparent here than anywhere else, lies far from all reflection and conscious intention, and may be called an inspiration.
旋律的创作，在其中揭示了人类意愿和情感的所有最深奥的秘密，是天才的作品，他的行为在这里比在其他任何地方都更加明显，远离所有的反思和有意识的意图，并且可能是称为灵感。
The conception is here, as everywhere in art, unfruitful.
与艺术中的其他地方一样，这里的构想是没有成果的。
The composer reveals the inner nature of the world, and expresses the deepest wisdom in a language which his reason does not understand; as a person under the influence of mesmerism tells things of which he has no conception when he awakes.
作曲家揭示了世界的内在本质，用他的理性无法理解的语言表达了最深刻的智慧；就像一个在催眠术影响下的人讲述他醒来时没有概念的事情一样。
Therefore in the composer, more than in any other artist, the man is entirely separated and distinct from the artist.
因此，在作曲家身上，比在任何其他艺术家身上，人与艺术家是完全分离和不同的。
Even in the explanation of this wonderful art, the concept shows its poverty and limitation.
即使在解释这门奇妙的艺术时，这个概念也显示出它的贫乏和局限性。
I shall try, however, to complete our analogy.
然而，我将尝试完成我们的类比。
As quick transition from wish to satisfaction, and from satisfaction to a new wish, is happiness and well-being, so quick melodies without great deviations are cheerful; slow melodies, striking painful discords, and only winding back through many bars to the keynote are, as analogous to the delayed and hardly won satisfaction, sad.
正如从愿望到满足、从满足到新愿望的快速转变是幸福和幸福一样，没有太大偏差的快速旋律是令人愉快的；缓慢的旋律，令人痛苦的不和谐音，只有通过许多小节才回到基调，就像延迟的、难以赢得的满足一样，都是悲伤的。
The delay of the new excitement of will, languor, could have no other expression than the sustained keynote, the effect of which would soon be unbearable; very monotonous and unmeaning melodies approach this effect.
新的意志兴奋的延迟，倦怠，除了持续的基调之外没有其他表达方式，其效果很快就会令人难以忍受；非常单调且毫无意义的旋律可以达到这种效果。
The short intelligible subjects of quick dance-music seem to speak only of easily attained common pleasure.
快速舞曲的简短易懂的主题似乎只讲述容易获得的共同快乐。
On the other hand, the _Allegro maestoso_, in elaborate movements, long passages, and wide deviations, signifies a greater, nobler effort towards a more distant end, and its final attainment.
另一方面，《快板大师》以复杂的动作、长的段落和广泛的偏差，象征着为更遥远的目标及其最终成就而付出的更大、更高尚的努力。
The _Adagio_ speaks of the pain of a great and noble effort which despises all trifling happiness.
《柔板》讲述了蔑视一切琐碎幸福的伟大而崇高的努力所带来的痛苦。
But how wonderful is the effect of the _minor_ and _major_! How astounding that the change of half a tone, the entrance of a minor third instead of a major, at once and inevitably forces upon us an anxious painful feeling, from which again we are just as instantaneously delivered by the major.
但_小_和_大_的效果是多么美妙啊！多么令人震惊的是，半个音的改变，小三度而不是大三度的进入，立即不可避免地给我们带来一种焦虑痛苦的感觉，而我们又立即被大调从这种感觉中解救出来。
The _Adagio_ lengthens in the minor the expression of the keenest pain, and becomes even a convulsive wail.
_Adagio_在小调中延长了最剧烈痛苦的表达，甚至变成了痉挛性的哀号。
Dance-music in the minor seems to indicate the failure of that trifling happiness which we ought rather to despise, seems to speak of the attainment of a lower end with toil and trouble.
小调的舞曲似乎表明我们应该鄙视的那种微不足道的幸福的失败，似乎在诉说通过辛劳和麻烦而达到较低的目标。
The inexhaustibleness of possible melodies corresponds to the inexhaustibleness of Nature in difference of individuals, physiognomies, and courses of life.
可能的旋律的无穷无尽，与个体、相貌和生命历程的差异中的自然的无穷无尽相对应。
The transition from one key to an entirely different one, since it altogether breaks the connection with what went before, is like death, for the individual ends in it; but the will which appeared in this individual lives after him as before him, appearing in other individuals, whose consciousness, however, has no connection with his.
从一把钥匙到一把完全不同的钥匙的转变，因为它完全打破了与之前的联系，就像死亡一样，因为个人以死亡告终。但是，出现在这个人身上的意志在他之后仍然存在，就像在他之前一样，也出现在其他人身上，但这些人的意识与他没有任何联系。
 But it must never be forgotten, in the investigation of all these analogies I have pointed out, that music has no direct, but merely an indirect relation to them, for it never expresses the phenomenon, but only the inner nature, the in-itself of all phenomena, the will itself.
但永远不要忘记，在研究我所指出的所有这些类比时，音乐与它们没有直接的关系，而只是间接的关系，因为它从不表达现象，而只是表达内在的本质、本质。一切现象中，就是意志本身。
It does not therefore express this or that particular and definite joy, this or that sorrow, or pain, or horror, or delight, or merriment, or peace of mind; but joy, sorrow, pain, horror, delight, merriment, peace of mind _themselves_, to a certain extent in the abstract, their essential nature, without accessories, and therefore without their motives.
因此，它并不表达这种或那种特定的、明确的快乐，这种或那种悲伤，或痛苦，或恐怖，或喜悦，或快乐，或心灵的平静；但喜悦、悲伤、痛苦、恐怖、喜悦、快乐、内心的平静本身，在某种程度上是抽象的，是它们的本质，没有附属物，因此没有它们的动机。
Yet we completely understand them in this extracted quintessence.
然而，我们在这个提取的精髓中完全理解了它们。
Hence it arises that our imagination is so easily excited by music, and now seeks to give form to that invisible yet actively moved spirit-world which speaks to us directly, and clothe it with flesh and blood, _i.e._, to embody it in an analogous example.
因此，我们的想象力很容易被音乐激发，现在试图赋予那个看不见但积极移动的精神世界以直接与我们交谈的形式，并给它披上血肉之躯，也就是说，体现在一个类似的例子中。
This is the origin of the song with words, and finally of the opera, the text of which should therefore never forsake that subordinate position in order to make itself the chief thing and the music a mere means of expressing it, which is a great misconception and a piece of utter perversity; for music always expresses only the quintessence of life and its events, never these themselves, and therefore their differences do not always affect it.
这是有词歌曲的起源，最后是歌剧的起源，因此，歌剧的文本永远不应该放弃从属地位，使自己成为主要事物，而音乐仅仅是表达它的手段，这是一个极大的误解以及完全的任性；因为音乐总是只表达生活及其事件的精髓，而不是它们本身，因此它们的差异并不总是影响音乐。
It is precisely this universality, which belongs exclusively to it, together with the greatest determinateness, that gives music the high worth which it has as the panacea for all our woes.
正是这种专属于它的普遍性，连同最大的确定性，赋予了音乐作为解决我们所有痛苦的灵丹妙药的崇高价值。
Thus, if music is too closely united to the words, and tries to form itself according to the events, it is striving to speak a language which is not its own.
因此，如果音乐与歌词太紧密地结合在一起，并试图根据事件来形成自己，那么它就在努力说一种不属于它自己的语言。
No one has kept so free from this mistake as Rossini; therefore his music speaks _its own language_ so distinctly and purely that it requires no words, and produces its full effect when rendered by instruments alone.
没有人能像罗西尼那样避免犯这样的错误。因此，他的音乐有着自己的语言，清晰而纯粹，无需任何言语，仅通过乐器即可发挥其全部效果。
 According to all this, we may regard the phenomenal world, or nature, and music as two different expressions of the same thing, which is therefore itself the only medium of their analogy, so that a knowledge of it is demanded in order to understand that analogy.
根据所有这些，我们可以将现象世界或自然和音乐视为同一事物的两种不同表达，因此它本身就是它们类比的唯一媒介，因此需要对它的了解才能理解比喻。
Music, therefore, if regarded as an expression of the world, is in the highest degree a universal language, which is related indeed to the universality of concepts, much as they are related to the particular things.
因此，如果将音乐视为世界的表达，那么它在最高程度上是一种通用语言，它确实与概念的普遍性相关，就像它们与特定事物相关一样。
Its universality, however, is by no means that empty universality of abstraction, but quite of a different kind, and is united with thorough and distinct definiteness.
但它的普遍性绝不是空洞的抽象普遍性，而是完全不同的普遍性，并且与彻底而明确的确定性相结合。
In this respect it resembles geometrical figures and numbers, which are the universal forms of all possible objects of experience and applicable to them all _a priori_, and yet are not abstract but perceptible and thoroughly determined.
在这方面，它类似于几何图形和数字，它们是所有可能的经验对象的普遍形式，并且先验地适用于它们，但它们不是抽象的，而是可感知的和彻底确定的。
All possible efforts, excitements, and manifestations of will, all that goes on in the heart of man and that reason includes in the wide, negative concept of feeling, may be expressed by the infinite number of possible melodies, but always in the universal, in the mere form, without the material, always according to the thing-in-itself, not the phenomenon, the inmost soul, as it were, of the phenomenon, without the body.
所有可能的努力、兴奋和意志的表现，所有发生在人心中的事情以及理性包含在广泛的、消极的情感概念中的事情，都可以通过无数可能的旋律来表达，但总是在普遍的、纯粹的形式，没有物质，总是根据物自体，而不是现象，可以说，是现象的最内在的灵魂，没有身体。
This deep relation which music has to the true nature of all things also explains the fact that suitable music played to any scene, action, event, or surrounding seems to disclose to us its most secret meaning, and appears as the most accurate and distinct commentary upon it.
音乐与万物真实本质的这种深厚关系也解释了这样一个事实：适合任何场景、动作、事件或周围环境的音乐似乎向我们揭示了其最秘密的含义，并表现为最准确和清晰的评论之上。
This is so truly the case, that whoever gives himself up entirely to the impression of a symphony, seems to see all the possible events of life and the world take place in himself, yet if he reflects, he can find no likeness between the music and the things that passed before his mind.
事实确实如此，无论谁完全沉浸在交响乐的印象中，似乎都能看到生活和世界中所有可能发生的事件都发生在自己身上，但如果他反思，他却找不到音乐之间的相似之处。以及他脑海中闪过的事情。
For, as we have said, music is distinguished from all the other arts by the fact that it is not a copy of the phenomenon, or, more accurately, the adequate objectivity of will, but is the direct copy of the will itself, and therefore exhibits itself as the metaphysical to everything physical in the world, and as the thing-in-itself to every phenomenon.
因为，正如我们所说，音乐与所有其他艺术的区别在于，它不是现象的复制，或者更准确地说，不是意志的充分客观性，而是意志本身的直接复制，并且因此，对于世界上一切物理事物来说，它都表现为形而上学，对于每一种现象来说，它都表现为自在之物。
We might, therefore, just as well call the world embodied music as embodied will; and this is the reason why music makes every picture, and indeed every scene of real life and of the world, at once appear with higher significance, certainly all the more in proportion as its melody is analogous to the inner spirit of the given phenomenon.
因此，我们也可以将世界称为“体现的音乐”和“体现的意志”。这就是为什么音乐使每幅画面，甚至现实生活和世界的每一个场景，都立即显得具有更高的意义，当然，当它的旋律与给定现象的内在精神相似时，它的意义就更大。
It rests upon this that we are able to set a poem to music as a song, or a perceptible representation as a pantomime, or both as an opera.
正是基于此，我们能够将一首诗配成音乐作为一首歌曲，或者将一种可感知的表现形式配成一部哑剧，或者将两者都配成一部歌剧。
Such particular pictures of human life, set to the universal language of music, are never bound to it or correspond to it with stringent necessity; but they stand to it only in the relation of an example chosen at will to a general concept.
这些人类生活的特殊画面，以音乐的通用语言为背景，从来没有严格地与它绑定或对应；但它们仅在随意选择的例子与一般概念的关系中才成立。
In the determinateness of the real, they represent that which music expresses in the universality of mere form.
在真实的确定性中，它们代表了音乐以纯粹形式的普遍性所表达的东西。
For melodies are to a certain extent, like general concepts, an abstraction from the actual.
因为旋律在某种程度上就像一般概念一样，是对现实的抽象。
This actual world, then, the world of particular things, affords the object of perception, the special and individual, the particular case, both to the universality of the concepts and to the universality of the melodies.
那么，这个现实世界，即特定事物的世界，提供了感知的对象，特殊的和个体的，特殊的情况，既提供了概念的普遍性，也提供了旋律的普遍性。
But these two universalities are in a certain respect opposed to each other; for the concepts contain particulars only as the first forms abstracted from perception, as it were, the separated shell of things; thus they are, strictly speaking, _abstracta_; music, on the other hand, gives the inmost kernel which precedes all forms, or the heart of things.
但这两种普遍性在某种程度上是相互对立的。因为概念只包含从感知中抽象出来的最初形式，可以说是事物的分离的外壳。因此，严格来说，它们是_abstracta_；另一方面，音乐给出了先于所有形式的最内在的内核，或者说事物的核心。
This relation may be very well expressed in the language of the schoolmen by saying the concepts are the _universalia post rem_, but music gives the _universalia ante rem_, and the real world the _universalia in re_.
这种关系可以用经院学者的语言很好地表达，即概念是_universalia post rem_，但音乐给出_universalia ante rem_，而现实世界是_universalia in re_。
To the universal significance of a melody to which a poem has been set, it is quite possible to set other equally arbitrarily selected examples of the universal expressed in this poem corresponding to the significance of the melody in the same degree.
对于一首诗所设定的旋律的普遍意义，很可能以同样的程度设定其他同样任意选择的、与该旋律的意义相对应的、在这首诗中表达的普遍性的例子。
This is why the same composition is suitable to many verses; and this is also what makes the _vaudeville_ possible.
这就是为什么同一个作品适合很多诗句；这也是歌舞杂耍成为可能的原因。
But that in general a relation is possible between a composition and a perceptible representation rests, as we have said, upon the fact that both are simply different expressions of the same inner being of the world.
但是，正如我们已经说过的，一般来说，构图和可感知的表征之间可能存在某种关系，因为两者只是世界同一内在存在的不同表达。
When now, in the particular case, such a relation is actually given, that is to say, when the composer has been able to express in the universal language of music the emotions of will which constitute the heart of an event, then the melody of the song, the music of the opera, is expressive.
现在，在特定情况下，当这种关系实际上被给出时，也就是说，当作曲家能够用音乐的通用语言表达构成事件核心的意志情感时，那么，这首歌，即歌剧的音乐，是富有表现力的。
But the analogy discovered by the composer between the two must have proceeded from the direct knowledge of the nature of the world unknown to his reason, and must not be an imitation produced with conscious intention by means of conceptions, otherwise the music does not express the inner nature of the will itself, but merely gives an inadequate imitation of its phenomenon.
但作曲家在两者之间发现的类比，一定是从他的理性所未知的世界本质的直接认识出发的，而不能是有意识地通过观念而产生的模仿，否则音乐就无法表达出音乐的本质。意志本身的内在本质，但仅仅对其现象进行了不充分的模仿。
All specially imitative music does this; for example, “The Seasons,” by Haydn; also many passages of his “Creation,” in which phenomena of the external world are directly imitated; also all battle-pieces.
所有特别模仿的音乐都会这样做；例如海顿的《四季》；他的《创世记》中也有很多段落直接模仿了外部世界的现象；还有所有战斗件。
Such music is entirely to be rejected.
这样的音乐是完全要拒绝的。
 The unutterable depth of all music by virtue of which it floats through our consciousness as the vision of a paradise firmly believed in yet ever distant from us, and by which also it is so fully understood and yet so inexplicable, rests on the fact that it restores to us all the emotions of our inmost nature, but entirely without reality and far removed from their pain.
所有音乐都具有难以言喻的深度，它漂浮在我们的意识中，就像我们坚信的天堂的愿景，但它离我们却永远遥远，它也因此被如此充分地理解，但又如此莫名其妙，基于以下事实：为我们恢复了我们内心深处的所有情感，但完全没有现实性，也远离了他们的痛苦。
So also the seriousness which is essential to it, which excludes the absurd from its direct and peculiar province, is to be explained by the fact that its object is not the idea, with reference to which alone deception and absurdity are possible; but its object is directly the will, and this is essentially the most serious of all things, for it is that on which all depends.
因此，它所必需的严肃性，即把荒谬排除在其直接和独特的范围之外，可以通过以下事实来解释：它的对象不是观念，仅凭观念就可能出现欺骗和荒谬；相反，它的对象不是观念，只有与观念有关的观念才有可能产生欺骗和荒谬。但它的对象直接是意志，这本质上是所有事物中最严肃的，因为它是一切所依赖的。
How rich in content and full of significance the language of music is, we see from the repetitions, as well as the _Da capo_, the like of which would be unbearable in works composed in a language of words, but in music are very appropriate and beneficial, for, in order to comprehend it fully, we must hear it twice.
音乐语言的内容是多么丰富，意义是多么丰富，从重复和变调夹中我们就可以看出，类似的东西在用文字语言创作的作品中是难以忍受的，但在音乐中却是非常恰当和恰当的。这是有益的，因为为了充分理解它，我们必须听两遍。
 In the whole of this exposition of music I have been trying to bring out clearly that it expresses in a perfectly universal language, in a homogeneous material, mere tones, and with the greatest determinateness and truth, the inner nature, the in-itself of the world, which we think under the concept of will, because will is its most distinct manifestation.
在整个对音乐的阐述中，我一直试图清楚地表明，它以一种完全通用的语言、一种同质的材料、纯粹的音调，并以最大的确定性和真实性，表达了音乐的内在本质和本质。我们在意志的概念下思考这个世界，因为意志是它最独特的表现形式。
Further, according to my view and contention, philosophy is nothing but a complete and accurate repetition or expression of the nature of the world in very general concepts, for only in such is it possible to get a view of that whole nature which will everywhere be adequate and applicable.
此外，根据我的观点和论点，哲学只不过是在非常普遍的概念中对世界本质的完整而准确的重复或表达，因为只有这样，才有可能获得对无处不在的整个本质的看法。充分且适用。
Thus, whoever has followed me and entered into my mode of thought, will not think it so very paradoxical if I say, that supposing it were possible to give a perfectly accurate, complete explanation of music, extending even to particulars, that is to say, a detailed repetition in concepts of what it expresses, this would also be a sufficient repetition and explanation of the world in concepts, or at least entirely parallel to such an explanation, and thus it would be the true philosophy.
因此，无论谁跟随我并进入我的思维方式，如果我说假设有可能对音乐给出完全准确、完整的解释，甚至延伸到细节，也就是说， ，对其所表达的概念进行详细的重复，这也将是对概念世界的充分重复和解释，或者至少与这种解释完全平行，因此它将是真正的哲学。
Consequently the saying of Leibnitz quoted above, which is quite accurate from a lower standpoint, may be parodied in the following way to suit our higher view of music: _Musica est exercitium metaphysices occultum nescientis se philosophari animi_; for _scire_, to know, always means to have fixed in abstract concepts.
因此，上面引用的莱布尼茨的说法，从较低的角度来看是相当准确的，可以通过以下方式进行模仿，以适应我们对音乐的较高看法：对于 _scire_ 来说，知道总是意味着固定在抽象概念中。
But further, on account of the truth of the saying of Leibnitz, which is confirmed in various ways, music, regarded apart from its æsthetic or inner significance, and looked at merely externally and purely empirically, is simply the means of comprehending directly and in the concrete large numbers and complex relations of numbers, which otherwise we could only know indirectly by fixing them in concepts.
但更进一步，由于莱布尼茨的名言的真实性得到了各种方式的证实，音乐如果脱离其美学或内在意义，仅仅从外部和纯粹经验的角度来看待，那么它只是直接地、内在地理解的手段。具体的大数和复杂的数字关系，否则我们只能通过将它们固定在概念中来间接了解它们。
Therefore by the union of these two very different but correct views of music we may arrive at a conception of the possibility of a philosophy of number, such as that of Pythagoras and of the Chinese in Y-King, and then interpret in this sense the saying of the Pythagoreans which Sextus Empiricus quotes (adv.
因此，通过结合这两种截然不同但正确的音乐观，我们可以得出一种数字哲学可能性的概念，例如毕达哥拉斯和《Y-King》中中国人的数字哲学，然后在这个意义上解释塞克斯图斯·恩皮里库斯 (Sextus Empiricus) 引用了毕达哥拉斯学派的说法 (adv.
Math., L.
数学，L.
vii.): τῳ αριθμῳ δε τα παντ᾽ επεοικεν (_numero cuncta assimilantur_).
vii.): τῳ αριθμῳ δε τα παντ᾽ επεοικεν (_numero cuncta assimilantur_)。
And if, finally, we apply this view to the interpretation of harmony and melody given above, we shall find that a mere moral philosophy without an explanation of Nature, such as Socrates wanted to introduce, is precisely analogous to a mere melody without harmony, which Rousseau exclusively desired; and, in opposition to this mere physics and metaphysics without ethics, will correspond to mere harmony without melody.
最后，如果我们将这种观点应用到上面给出的和声与旋律的解释中，我们会发现，苏格拉底想要引入的一种没有对自然解释的纯粹道德哲学，恰好类似于没有和声的纯粹旋律，这是卢梭所完全渴望的；与这种没有道德的纯粹物理学和形而上学相反，将对应于没有旋律的纯粹和谐。
Allow me to add to these cursory observations a few more remarks concerning the analogy of music with the phenomenal world.
请允许我在这些粗略的观察中添加一些关于音乐与现象世界的类比的评论。
We found in the second book that the highest grade of the objectification of will, man, could not appear alone and isolated, but presupposed the grades below him, as these again presupposed the grades lower still.
我们在第二本书中发现，意志客体化的最高等级——人——不可能单独出现和孤立地出现，而是以低于他的等级为前提，因为这些等级又以更低的等级为前提。
In the same way music, which directly objectifies the will, just as the world does, is complete only in full harmony.
同样，音乐直接客观化了意志，就像世界一样，只有在完全和谐的情况下才是完整的。
In order to achieve its full effect, the high leading voice of the melody requires the accompaniment of all the other voices, even to the lowest bass, which is to be regarded as the origin of all.
为了达到其充分的效果，旋律中的高音需要所有其他声音的伴奏，甚至低音，这被视为一切的起源。
The melody itself enters as an integral part into the harmony, as the harmony enters into it, and only thus, in the full harmonious whole, music expresses what it aims at expressing.
旋律本身作为和声的一个组成部分进入和声，正如和声进入它一样，只有这样，在完全和谐的整体中，音乐才能表达它想要表达的内容。
Thus also the one will outside of time finds its full objectification only in the complete union of all the steps which reveal its nature in the innumerable ascending grades of distinctness.
因此，时间之外的意志也只有在所有步骤的完全结合中才能找到其完全的客观化，这些步骤在无数的上升等级的清晰度中揭示了它的本质。
The following analogy is also very remarkable.
下面这个比喻也很了不起。
We have seen in the preceding book that notwithstanding the self-adaptation of all the phenomena of will to each other as regards their species, which constitutes their teleological aspect, there yet remains an unceasing conflict between those phenomena as individuals, which is visible at every grade, and makes the world a constant battle-field of all those manifestations of one and the same will, whose inner contradiction with itself becomes visible through it.
我们在前本书中已经看到，尽管所有意志现象就它们的物种而言都相互适应，这构成了它们的目的论方面，但作为个体的这些现象之间仍然存在不断的冲突，这在每个物种中都是可见的。等级，并使世界成为所有同一个意志的表现的持续战场，其内在的矛盾通过它变得可见。
In music also there is something corresponding to this.
在音乐中也有与此相对应的东西。
A complete, pure, harmonious system of tones is not only physically but arithmetically impossible.
一个完整、纯粹、和谐的音调系统不仅在物理上而且在算术上都是不可能的。
The numbers themselves by which the tones are expressed have inextricable irrationality.
表达声调的数字本身具有不可避免的非理性。
There is no scale in which, when it is counted, every fifth will be related to the keynote as 2 to 3, every major third as 4 to 5, every minor third as 5 to 6, and so on.
没有一个音阶，在计算时，每一个五度都与基调相关，为2到3，每个大三度为4到5，每个小三度为5到6，依此类推。
For if they are correctly related to the keynote, they can no longer be so to each other; because, for example, the fifth must be the minor third to the third, &c.
因为如果它们与基调正确相关，那么它们彼此之间就不再如此；因为，例如，五度必须是小三度到三度，等等。
For the notes of the scale may be compared to actors who must play now one part, now another.
因为音阶的音符可以比作演员，他们时而扮演一个角色，时而扮演另一个角色。
Therefore a perfectly accurate system of music cannot even be thought, far less worked out; and on this account all possible music deviates from perfect purity; it can only conceal the discords essential to it by dividing them among all the notes, _i.e._, by temperament.
因此，完全准确的音乐体系甚至无法被想象，更不用说被制定出来了。因此，所有可能的音乐都偏离了完美的纯粹性；它只能通过将它们划分到所有音符中（即按气质）来隐藏对其至关重要的不和谐音。
On this see Chladni’s “Akustik,” § 30, and his “Kurze Uebersicht der Schall- und Klanglehre.”(63)  I might still have something to say about the way in which music is perceived, namely, in and through time alone, with absolute exclusion of space, and also apart from the influence of the knowledge of causality, thus without understanding; for the tones make the æsthetic impression as effect, and without obliging us to go back to their causes, as in the case of perception.
关于这一点，请参阅 Chladni 的“Akustik”，第 30 节和他的“Kurze Uebersicht der Schall- und Klanglehre”。（63）我可能仍然对音乐的感知方式有话要说，即在单独的时间中并通过单独的时间，完全排除空间，也远离因果知识的影响，因此没有理解；因为音调使审美印象成为效果，而不迫使我们回到它们的原因，就像在感知的情况下一样。
I do not wish, however, to lengthen this discussion, as I have perhaps already gone too much into detail with regard to some things in this Third Book, or have dwelt too much on particulars.
然而，我不想延长这个讨论，因为我可能已经对第三本书中的某些事情进行了太多的细节，或者对细节进行了太多的阐述。
But my aim made it necessary, and it will be the less disapproved if the importance and high worth of art, which is seldom sufficiently recognised, be kept in mind.
但我的目的使之成为必要，如果我们牢记艺术的重要性和崇高价值（这一点很少得到充分认识），那么就会少一些反对。
For if, according to our view, the whole visible world is just the objectification, the mirror, of the will, conducting it to knowledge of itself, and, indeed, as we shall soon see, to the possibility of its deliverance; and if, at the same time, the world as idea, if we regard it in isolation, and, freeing ourselves from all volition, allow it alone to take possession of our consciousness, is the most joy-giving and the only innocent side of life; we must regard art as the higher ascent, the more complete development of all this, for it achieves essentially just what is achieved by the visible world itself, only with greater concentration, more perfectly, with intention and intelligence, and therefore may be called, in the full significance of the word, the flower of life.
因为，根据我们的观点，如果整个可见世界只是意志的客观化、镜子，引导意志认识自身，而且，事实上，正如我们很快就会看到的，引导意志获得解救的可能性；同时，如果世界作为观念，如果我们孤立地看待它，并且将自己从所有意志中解放出来，让它单独占据我们的意识，那么它就是最令人快乐和唯一天真的一面。生活;我们必须将艺术视为更高的提升，是所有这一切的更完整的发展，因为它基本上实现了可见世界本身所实现的目标，只有更加集中，更加完美，具有意图和智慧，因此可以被称为，从这个词的全部意义来看，生命之花。
If the whole world as idea is only the visibility of will, the work of art is to render this visibility more distinct.
如果作为观念的整个世界只是意志的可见性，那么艺术作品就是使这种可见性更加清晰。
It is the _camera obscura_ which shows the objects more purely, and enables us to survey them and comprehend them better.
正是“暗箱”更纯粹地展示了物体，使我们能够更好地观察和理解它们。
It is the play within the play, the stage upon the stage in “Hamlet.”  The pleasure we receive from all beauty, the consolation which art affords, the enthusiasm of the artist, which enables him to forget the cares of life,—the latter an advantage of the man of genius over other men, which alone repays him for the suffering that increases in proportion to the clearness of consciousness, and for the desert loneliness among men of a different race,—all this rests on the fact that the in-itself of life, the will, existence itself, is, as we shall see farther on, a constant sorrow, partly miserable, partly terrible; while, on the contrary, as idea alone, purely contemplated, or copied by art, free from pain, it presents to us a drama full of significance.
这是《哈姆雷特》中的戏中戏、舞台上的舞台。我们从一切美中得到的快乐、艺术所提供的安慰、艺术家的热情使他忘记了生活的忧虑——后者是天才相对于其他人的优势，仅此而已就回报了他痛苦随着意识的清晰而增加，以及不同种族的人之间的沙漠孤独感，——所有这一切都基于这样一个事实：生命的本质、意志、存在本身，正如我们将要看到的那样再往前，是一种持续不断的悲伤，部分是痛苦的，部分是可怕的。相反，作为纯粹的观念，纯粹的思考，或者艺术的复制，没有痛苦，它向我们呈现了一部充满意义的戏剧。
This purely knowable side of the world, and the copy of it in any art, is the element of the artist.
世界的这种纯粹可知的一面，以及它在任何艺术中的复制品，都是艺术家的元素。
He is chained to the contemplation of the play, the objectification of will; he remains beside it, does not get tired of contemplating it and representing it in copies; and meanwhile he bears himself the cost of the production of that play, _i.e._, he himself is the will which objectifies itself, and remains in constant suffering.
他被束缚在对戏剧的沉思和意志的客观化之中。他留在它旁边，不厌其烦地思考它并以副本的形式表现它。与此同时，他自己承担了这部戏剧的制作成本，也就是说，他自己就是将自身客观化的意志，并始终处于痛苦之中。
That pure, true, and deep knowledge of the inner nature of the world becomes now for him an end in itself: he stops there.
对世界内在本质的纯粹、真实和深刻的认识现在对他来说本身就是一个目的：他停在那里。
Therefore it does not become to him a quieter of the will, as, we shall see in the next book, it does in the case of the saint who has attained to resignation; it does not deliver him for ever from life, but only at moments, and is therefore not for him a path out of life, but only an occasional consolation in it, till his power, increased by this contemplation and at last tired of the play, lays hold on the real.
因此，它不会使他的意志变得更加平静，正如我们将在下一本书中看到的那样，对于已经达到逆来顺受的圣人来说，它会起到这样的作用；它并不能让他永远摆脱生活，而只是在某些时刻，因此对他来说不是一条摆脱生活的道路，而只是生活中偶尔的安慰，直到他的力量因这种沉思而增强，最后厌倦了戏剧。 ，抓住真实。
The St.
圣。
Cecilia of Raphael may be regarded as a representation of this transition.
拉斐尔的塞西莉亚可以被视为这一转变的代表。
To the real, then, we now turn in the following book.
那么，我们现在交回下面这本书。
     FOURTH BOOK.
第四本书。
THE WORLD AS WILL.
世界如愿。
    Second Aspect.
第二个方面。
The Assertion And Denial Of The Will To Live, When Self-Consciousness Has Been Attained.
当自我意识获得时，对生存意志的主张和否认。
      Tempore quo cognitio simul advenit, amor e medio                 supersurrexit.—_Oupnek’hat,_     _Studio Anquetil Duperron_, vol.
暂时认知同时出现，爱情和中度超级超现实。—_Oupnek'hat，_ _Anquetil Duperron_工作室_，卷。
ii.
二.
p.
p。
216
216
  § 53.
 §53.
The last part of our work presents itself as the most serious, for it relates to the action of men, the matter which concerns every one directly and can be foreign or indifferent to none.
我们工作的最后一部分是最严肃的，因为它涉及人的行为，是直接关系到每个人的问题，对任何人来说都是陌生的或无关紧要的。
It is indeed so characteristic of the nature of man to relate everything else to action, that in every systematic investigation he will always treat the part that has to do with action as the result or outcome of the whole work, so far, at least, as it interests him, and will therefore give his most serious attention to this part, even if to no other.
将其他一切与行动联系起来确实是人类本性的特征，以至于在每一次系统研究中，他总是将与行动有关的部分视为整个工作的结果或成果，至少到目前为止，因为他感兴趣，因此他会最认真地关注这部分，即使没有其他部分。
In this respect the following part of our work would, in ordinary language, be called practical philosophy, in opposition to the theoretical, which has occupied us hitherto.
在这方面，我们工作的以下部分，用普通语言来说，将被称为实践哲学，与迄今为止我们所从事的理论哲学相对立。
But, in my opinion, all philosophy is theoretical, because it is essential to it that it should retain a purely contemplative attitude, and should investigate, not prescribe.
但是，在我看来，所有哲学都是理论性的，因为它必须保持纯粹沉思的态度，并且应该调查，而不是规定。
To become, on the contrary, practical, to guide conduct, to transform character, are old claims, which with fuller insight it ought finally to give up.
相反，变得务实，指导行为，改变性格，这些都是古老的主张，如果有更充分的洞察力，它最终应该放弃。
For here, where the worth or worthlessness of an existence, where salvation or damnation are in question, the dead conceptions of philosophy do not decide the matter, but the inmost nature of man himself, the Dæmon that guides him and that has not chosen him, but been chosen by him, as Plato would say; his intelligible character, as Kant expresses himself.
因为在这里，当存在的价值或无价值、救赎或诅咒成为问题时，决定问题的不是死的哲学概念，而是人本身的内在本性，引导他而不是选择他的恶魔。 ，但正如柏拉图所说，是由他选择的；正如康德自己所表达的那样，他的性格是可理解的。
Virtue cannot be taught any more than genius; indeed, for it the concept is just as unfruitful as it is in art, and in both cases can only be used as an instrument.
美德与天才一样无法被教授。事实上，对于它来说，这个概念和它在艺术中一样没有成果，在这两种情况下都只能用作一种工具。
It would, therefore, be just as absurd to expect that our moral systems and ethics will produce virtuous, noble, and holy men, as that our æsthetics will produce poets, painters, and musicians.
因此，期望我们的道德体系和伦理会产生善良、高贵和圣人，就像我们的美学会产生诗人、画家和音乐家一样荒谬。
 Philosophy can never do more than interpret and explain what is given.
哲学除了解释和解释给定的事物外，永远不能做更多的事情。
It can only bring to distinct abstract knowledge of the reason the nature of the world which in the concrete, that is, as feeling, expresses itself comprehensibly to every one.
它只能带来关于世界本质的理性的清晰的抽象知识，而世界的本质以具体的方式，即作为感觉，将其自身表达为每个人都可以理解的。
This, however, it does in every possible reference and from every point of view.
然而，它在每一个可能的参考文献和每一个观点中都是如此。
Now, as this attempt has been made from other points of view in the three preceding books with the generality that is proper to philosophy, in this book the action of men will be considered in the same way; and this side of the world might, indeed, be considered the most important of all, not only subjectively, as I remarked above, but also objectively.
现在，由于在前三本书中从其他观点出发并具有哲学所特有的一般性，因此在本书中将以同样的方式考虑人的行为；事实上，世界的这一面可能被认为是最重要的，不仅主观上如此，而且客观上也是如此。
In considering it I shall faithfully adhere to the method I have hitherto followed, and shall support myself by presupposing all that has already been advanced.
在考虑这个问题时，我将忠实地坚持我迄今为止所遵循的方法，并通过预设所有已经提出的内容来支持自己。
There is, indeed, just one thought which forms the content of this whole work.
事实上，只有一个思想构成了整部作品的内容。
I have endeavoured to work it out in all other spheres, and I shall now do so with regard to human action.
我已经努力在所有其他领域解决这个问题，现在我将在人类行动方面这样做。
I shall then have done all that is in my power to communicate it as fully as possible.
然后，我将尽我所能，尽可能充分地传达它。
 The given point of view, and the method of treatment announced, are themselves sufficient to indicate that in this ethical book no precepts, no doctrine of duty must be looked for; still less will a general moral principle be given, an universal receipt, as it were, for the production of all the virtues.
所给出的观点和所宣布的治疗方法本身就足以表明，在这本道德书中不必寻找任何戒律或义务学说；更不会给出一个普遍的道德原则，可以说是产生所有美德的普遍收据。
Neither shall we talk of an “_absolute ought_,” for this contains a contradiction, as is explained in the Appendix; nor yet of a “_law of freedom_,” which is in the same position.
我们也不会谈论“绝对应该”，因为这包含矛盾，正如附录中所解释的那样；也没有处于同样地位的“自由法”。
In general, we shall not speak at all of “ought,” for this is how one speaks to children and to nations still in their childhood, but not to those who have appropriated all the culture of a full-grown age.
一般来说，我们根本不会谈论“应该”，因为这是一个人对儿童和仍处于童年时期的国家说话的方式，而不是对那些已经吸收了成年年龄的所有文化的人说话的方式。
It is a palpable contradiction to call the will free, and yet to prescribe laws for it according to which it ought to will.
称意志为自由，却又为它规定意志应该遵循的法律，这是明显的矛盾。
“Ought to will!”—wooden iron! But it follows from the point of view of our system that the will is not only free, but almighty.
“应该愿意！”——木铁！但从我们的系统的角度来看，意志不仅是自由的，而且是全能的。
From it proceeds not only its action, but also its world; and as the will is, so does its action and its world become.
从它出发的不仅是它的行动，还有它的世界。意志怎样，它的行动和世界就怎样。
Both are the self-knowledge of the will and nothing more.
两者都是意志的自知之明，仅此而已。
The will determines itself, and at the same time both its action and its world; for besides it there is nothing, and these are the will itself.
意志决定它自己，同时也决定它的行动和它的世界。因为除此之外什么也没有，而这些就是意志本身。
Only thus is the will truly autonomous, and from every other point of view it is heteronomous.
只有这样，意志才是真正自主的，从其他角度来看，它才是他律的。
Our philosophical endeavours can only extend to exhibiting and explaining the action of men in its inner nature and content, the various and even opposite maxims, whose living expression it is.
我们的哲学努力只能延伸到展示和解释人的行为的内在本质和内容，各种甚至相反的格言，它们的生动表达。
This we shall do in connection with the preceding portion of our work, and in precisely the same way as we have hitherto explained the other phenomena of the world, and have sought to bring their inmost nature to distinct abstract knowledge.
我们将结合我们工作的前一部分来做到这一点，并且与我们迄今为止解释世界上其他现象的方式完全相同，并试图将它们的内在本质带入独特的抽象知识中。
Our philosophy will maintain the same _immanency_ in the case of action, as in all that we have hitherto considered.
我们的哲学将在行动中保持同样的“内在性”，就像我们迄今为止所考虑的那样。
Notwithstanding Kant’s great doctrine, it will not attempt to use the forms of the phenomenon, the universal expression of which is the principle of sufficient reason, as a leaping-pole to jump over the phenomenon itself, which alone gives meaning to these forms, and land in the boundless sphere of empty fictions.
尽管康德有伟大的学说，但它不会试图使用现象的形式（其普遍表达是充足理由原则）作为跳过现象本身的跳杆，只有现象本身才赋予这些形式意义，并且落在空虚虚构的无边境界中。
But this actual world of experience, in which we are, and which is in us, remains both the material and the limits of our consideration: a world which is so rich in content that even the most searching investigation of which the human mind is capable could not exhaust it.
但是，我们所处的这个真实的经验世界，以及我们内心的经验世界，仍然是我们考虑的物质和限制：一个内容如此丰富的世界，即使是人类心灵最深入的研究也能做到这一点。无法耗尽它。
Since then the real world of experience will never fail to afford material and reality to our ethical investigations, any more than to those we have already conducted, nothing will be less needful than to take refuge in negative conceptions void of content, and then somehow or other make even ourselves believe that we are saying something when we speak with lifted eyebrows of “absolutes,” “infinites,” “supersensibles,” and whatever other mere negations of this sort there may be (ουδεν εστι, η το της στερησεως ονομα, μετα αμυδρας επινοιας—_nihil est, nisi negationis nomen, cum obscura notione_.—Jul.
从那时起，现实的经验世界永远不会无法为我们的伦理调查提供材料和现实，就像我们已经进行的那些调查一样，没有什么比逃避缺乏内容的消极概念更必要的了，然后以某种方式或当我们扬起眉毛谈论“绝对”、“无限”、“超感觉”以及任何其他类似的否定时，甚至我们自己也会相信我们在说某事μετα αμυδρας επινοιας—_nihil est，nisi negationis nomen，cum obscura notione_。—7 月。
or.
或者。
5), instead of which it would be shorter to say at once cloud-cuckoo-town (νεφελοκοκκυγια): we shall not require to serve up covered empty dishes of this kind.
5），而不是立即说云杜鹃镇（νεφελοκοκκυγια）：我们不会要求提供这种有盖的空盘子。
Finally, we shall not in this book, any more than in those which have preceded it, narrate histories and give them out as philosophy.
最后，我们不会像以前的书一样，在本书中叙述历史并将其作为哲学来阐述。
For we are of opinion that whoever supposes that the inner nature of the world can in any way, however plausibly disguised, be _historically_ comprehended, is infinitely far from a philosophical knowledge of the world.
因为我们认为，无论谁认为世界的内在本质可以以任何方式（无论如何合理地伪装）在历史上被理解，他都与世界的哲学知识相去甚远。
Yet this is what is supposed whenever a “becoming,” or a “having become,” or an “about to become” enters into a theory of the nature of the world, whenever an earlier or a later has the least place in it; and in this way a beginning and an end of the world, and the path it pursues between them, is, either openly or disguisedly, both sought for and found, and the individual who philosophises even recognises his own position on that path.
然而，每当“成为”、“已经成为”或“即将成为”进入世界本质理论时，每当较早或较晚在其中占有最少地位时，这就是假设的；就这样，世界的起点和终点，以及它们之间所追寻的道路，要么公开地要么变相地被寻找和发现，而从事哲学思考的个人甚至认识到自己在这条道路上的位置。
Such _historical philosophising_ in most cases produces a cosmogony which admits of many varieties, or else a system of emanations, a doctrine of successive disengagements from one being; or, finally, driven in despair from fruitless efforts upon these paths to the last path of all, it takes refuge in the converse doctrine of a constant becoming, springing up, arising, coming to light out of darkness, out of the hidden ground source or groundlessness, or whatever other nonsense of this sort there may be, which is most shortly disposed of with the remark that at the present moment a whole eternity, _i.e._, an endless time, has already passed, so that everything that can or ought to become must have already done so.
在大多数情况下，这种历史哲学思考会产生一种承认多种变体的宇宙论，或者一种放射系统，一种连续脱离一个存在的学说。或者，最后，由于在通往所有道路的最后一条道路上徒劳无功的努力而绝望，它在不断变化的相反教义中寻求庇护，从黑暗中、从隐藏的地面源中涌现、涌现、出现、显现出来或毫无根据，或任何其他此类胡言乱语，最短的处理方式是，在此刻，整个永恒，即无尽的时间，已经过去了，因此，一切都已经过去了。可以或应该成为必须已经这样做了。
For all such historical philosophy, whatever airs it may give itself, regards _time_ just as if Kant had never lived, as a quality of the thing-in-itself, and thus stops at that which Kant calls the phenomenon in opposition to the thing-in-itself; which Plato calls the becoming and never being, in opposition to the being and never becoming; and which, finally, is called in the Indian philosophy the web of Mâya.
对于所有这样的历史哲学来说，无论它如何表现自己，都将时间视为自在之物的一种品质，就好像康德从未存在过一样，因此停留在康德所谓的与物对立的现象上——在自身;柏拉图称之为“生成”和“从不存在”，与“存在”和“从不生成”相对立。最后，在印度哲学中，它被称为玛雅之网。
It is just the knowledge which belongs to the principle of sufficient reason, with which no one can penetrate to the inner nature of things, but endlessly pursues phenomena, moving without end or aim, like a squirrel in its wheel, till, tired out at last, he stops at some point or other arbitrarily chosen, and now desires to extort respect for it from others also.
它正是属于充足理由原理的知识，没有人能够凭借它洞察事物的内在本质，而是永无休止地追求现象，没有终点，没有目标，就像一只轮子里的松鼠，直到筋疲力尽。最后，他在任意选择的某个点或其他点停下来，现在也希望向其他人索取尊重。
The genuine philosophical consideration of the world, _i.e._, the consideration that affords us a knowledge of its inner nature, and so leads us beyond the phenomenon, is precisely that method which does not concern itself with the whence, the whither, and the why of the world, but always and everywhere demands only the what; the method which considers things not according to any relation, not as becoming and passing away, in short, not according to one of the four forms of the principle of sufficient reason; but, on the contrary, just that which remains when all that belongs to the form of knowledge proper to that principle has been abstracted, the inner nature of the world, which always appears unchanged in all the relations, but is itself never subject to them, and has the Ideas of the world as its object or material.
对世界真正的哲学思考，即为我们提供关于其内在本质的知识，从而引导我们超越现象的思考，恰恰是那种不关心事物从何而来、向何处去的方法。以及世界的原因，但无论何时何地，只需要“是什么”；这种方法不根据任何关系，不根据生成和消逝，简而言之，不根据充足理由原则的四种形式之一来考虑事物；但是，相反，当所有属于该原则特有的知识形式的东西都被抽象出来时，剩下的就是世界的内在本质，它在所有关系中总是表现出不变，但它本身却从不服从这些关系。 ，并以世界的理念作为其对象或材料。
From such knowledge as this proceeds philosophy, like art, and also, as we shall see in this book, that disposition of mind which alone leads to true holiness and to deliverance from the world.
从这样的知识中产生哲学，就像艺术一样，而且，正如我们将在本书中看到的那样，只有心灵的倾向才能导致真正的圣洁并从世界中解脱出来。
 § 54.
第54节。
The first three books will, it is hoped, have conveyed the distinct and certain knowledge that the world as idea is the complete mirror of the will, in which it knows itself in ascending grades of distinctness and completeness, the highest of which is man, whose nature, however, receives its complete expression only through the whole connected series of his actions.
希望前三本书传达了明确而确定的知识，即作为观念的世界是意志的完整镜子，在意志中，世界以清晰性和完整性的上升等级来认识自己，其中最高的是人，然而，他的本性只有通过他一系列相互关联的行为才能得到完整的表达。
The self-conscious connection of these actions is made possible by reason, which enables a man constantly to survey the whole in the abstract.
这些行为的自觉联系是通过理性而成为可能的，理性使人能够不断地抽象地审视整体。
 The will, which, considered purely in itself, is without knowledge, and is merely a blind incessant impulse, as we see it appear in unorganised and vegetable nature and their laws, and also in the vegetative part of our own life, receives through the addition of the world as idea, which is developed in subjection to it, the knowledge of its own willing and of what it is that it wills.
纯粹就其本身而言，意志是没有知识的，而只是一种盲目的、不断的冲动，正如我们所看到的，它出现在无组织的、植物性的自然及其规律中，也出现在我们自己生命的植物部分中，它通过世界作为观念的补充，它是在服从它的情况下发展起来的，它是关于它自己的意愿以及它的意愿是什么的知识。
And this is nothing else than the world as idea, life, precisely as it exists.
这正是作为观念、生命的世界，正如它所存在的那样。
Therefore we called the phenomenal world the mirror of the will, its objectivity.
因此，我们称现象世界为意志的镜子，其客观性。
And since what the will wills is always life, just because life is nothing but the representation of that willing for the idea, it is all one and a mere pleonism if, instead of simply saying “the will,” we say “the will to live.”  Will is the thing-in-itself, the inner content, the essence of the world.
既然意志所意志的总是生命，正因为生命只不过是对观念的意志的表现，所以如果我们不简单地说“意志”，而说“去实现的意志”，那么这一切都是单一的，只是一种重复主义。居住。”意志是自在之物、内在内容、世界的本质。
Life, the visible world, the phenomenon, is only the mirror of the will.
生命、可见的世界、现象，只是意志的镜子。
Therefore life accompanies the will as inseparably as the shadow accompanies the body; and if will exists, so will life, the world, exist.
因此，生命与意志密不可分，正如影子与身体密不可分一样。如果意志存在，生命、世界也会存在。
Life is, therefore, assured to the will to live; and so long as we are filled with the will to live we need have no fear for our existence, even in the presence of death.
因此，生命是由生存意志所保证的；只要我们充满求生的意志，即使面对死亡，我们也不必担心自己的存在。
It is true we see the individual come into being and pass away; but the individual is only phenomenal, exists only for the knowledge which is bound to the principle of sufficient reason, to the _principio individuationis_.
确实，我们看到个体的产生和消逝。但个体只是现象性的，只为受充分理由原则、个体原则约束的知识而存在。
Certainly, for this kind of knowledge, the individual receives his life as a gift, rises out of nothing, then suffers the loss of this gift through death, and returns again to nothing.
当然，对于这种知识，个人接受了他的生命作为礼物，从虚无中崛起，然后通过死亡失去了这份礼物，并再次回归虚无。
But we desire to consider life philosophically, _i.e._, according to its Ideas, and in this sphere we shall find that neither the will, the thing-in-itself in all phenomena, nor the subject of knowing, that which perceives all phenomena, is affected at all by birth or by death.
但是，我们渴望从哲学上思考生命，即根据生命的理念，在这个领域中，我们会发现，无论是意志（所有现象中的自在之物），还是认识的主体（感知事物的事物），所有现象，都受到出生或死亡的影响。
Birth and death belong merely to the phenomenon of will, thus to life; and it is essential to this to exhibit itself in individuals which come into being and pass away, as fleeting phenomena appearing in the form of time—phenomena of that which in itself knows no time, but must exhibit itself precisely in the way we have said, in order to objectify its peculiar nature.
生与死只是意志的现象，因而也属于生命；对此至关重要的是，在产生和消逝的个体中展现自己，就像以时间形式出现的转瞬即逝的现象——这种现象本身不知道时间，但必须精确地以我们所说的方式展现自己，以客观化其特殊性质。
Birth and death belong in like manner to life, and hold the balance as reciprocal conditions of each other, or, if one likes the expression, as poles of the whole phenomenon of life.
生与死以同样的方式属于生命，并且作为彼此的相互条件保持平衡，或者，如果有人喜欢这样的表述，作为整个生命现象的两极。
The wisest of all mythologies, the Indian, expresses this by giving to the very god that symbolises destruction, death (as Brahma, the most sinful and the lowest god of the Trimurti, symbolises generation, coming into being, and Vishnu maintaining or preserving), by giving, I say, to Siva as an attribute not only the necklace of skulls, but also the lingam, the symbol of generation, which appears here as the counterpart of death, thus signifying that generation and death are essentially correlatives, which reciprocally neutralise and annul each other.
所有神话中最聪明的印度人通过向象征着毁灭和死亡的神来表达这一点（正如梵天，三神论中最罪恶和最低的神，象征着生成、出现，而毗湿奴则象征着维持或保存） ，我说，通过给予湿婆作为一种属性，不仅是头骨项链，而且是林加姆，一代的象征，在这里出现作为死亡的对应物，因此表明一代和死亡本质上是相关的，它们是相互关联的。互相抵消并消灭。
It was precisely the same sentiment that led the Greeks and Romans to adorn their costly sarcophagi, just as we see them now, with feasts, dances, marriages, the chase, fights of wild beasts, bacchanalians, &c.; thus with representations of the full ardour of life, which they place before us not only in such revels and sports, but also in sensual groups, and even go so far as to represent the sexual intercourse of satyrs and goats.
正是同样的情感导致希腊人和罗马人用宴会、舞蹈、婚姻、野兽的追逐、战斗、酒神狂欢等来装饰他们昂贵的石棺，就像我们现在看到的那样。因此，它们展现了对生活的全部热情，它们不仅在狂欢和体育运动中，而且在感性群体中，甚至表现了色狼和山羊的性交，都将其呈现在我们面前。
Clearly the aim was to point in the most impressive manner away from the death of the mourned individual to the immortal life of nature, and thus to indicate, though without abstract knowledge, that the whole of nature is the phenomenon and also the fulfilment of the will to live.
显然，其目的是以最令人印象深刻的方式，从哀悼个体的死亡转向自然的不朽生命，从而表明，尽管没有抽象知识，整个自然就是现象，也是自然的实现。愿意活下去。
The form of this phenomenon is time, space, and causality, and by means of these individuation, which carries with it that the individual must come into being and pass away.
这种现象的形式是时间、空间和因果关系，通过这些个体化，个体必然产生和消亡。
But this no more affects the will to live, of whose manifestation the individual is, as it were, only a particular example or specimen, than the death of an individual injures the whole of nature.
但这不会影响生存意志，因为个体的表现只是一个特定的例子或样本，就像个体的死亡不会伤害整个自然一样。
For it is not the individual, but only the species that Nature cares for, and for the preservation of which she so earnestly strives, providing for it with the utmost prodigality through the vast surplus of the seed and the great strength of the fructifying impulse.
因为大自然关心的不是个体，而是物种，她如此热心地努力保护物种，通过大量剩余的种子和强大的结果冲动来提供它。
The individual, on the contrary, neither has nor can have any value for Nature, for her kingdom is infinite time and infinite space, and in these infinite multiplicity of possible individuals.
相反，个体对于自然来说既没有也不可能有任何价值，因为她的王国是无限的时间和无限的空间，并且存在于这些无限多样性的可能个体中。
Therefore she is always ready to let the individual fall, and hence it is not only exposed to destruction in a thousand ways by the most insignificant accident, but originally destined for it, and conducted towards it by Nature herself from the moment it has served its end of maintaining the species.
因此，她总是准备好让个体堕落，因此，它不仅会因最微不足道的事故而遭受千百种破坏，而且最初是注定要毁灭的，从它服务于它的那一刻起，大自然就引导它走向它。物种维持结束。
Thus Nature naïvely expresses the great truth that only the Ideas, not the individuals, have, properly speaking, reality, _i.e._, are complete objectivity of the will.
因此，大自然天真地表达了这样一个伟大的真理：正确地说，只有理念，而不是个体，才拥有现实，也就是说，是意志的完全客观性。
Now, since man is Nature itself, and indeed Nature at the highest grade of its self-consciousness, but Nature is only the objectified will to live, the man who has comprehended and retained this point of view may well console himself, when contemplating his own death and that of his friends, by turning his eyes to the immortal life of Nature, which he himself is.
现在，既然人就是自然本身，而且确实是最高层次的自然，但自然只是客观化的生存意志，所以理解并保留这一观点的人在思考自己的生活时，可以很好地安慰自己。通过将目光转向自然的不朽生命，即他本人，他自己和他的朋友们都会死去。
This is the significance of Siva with the lingam, and of those ancient sarcophagi with their pictures of glowing life, which say to the mourning beholder, _Natura non contristatur_.
这就是湿婆与林加姆的意义，以及那些古老石棺与他们发光的生命图画的意义，它们对哀悼的旁观者说：_Natura non contistatur_。
 That generation and death are to be regarded as something belonging to life, and essential to this phenomenon of the will, arises also from the fact that they both exhibit themselves merely as higher powers of the expression of that in which all the rest of life consists.
生与死被视为属于生命的东西，并且对于这种意志现象来说是必不可少的，这也源于这样一个事实：它们都仅仅表现为表达所有其余生命所包含的事物的更高权力。 。
This is through and through nothing else than the constant change of matter in the fixed permanence of form; and this is what constitutes the transitoriness of the individual and the permanence of the species.
这完全就是物质在固定不变的形式中不断变化。这就是构成个体的短暂性和物种的永久性的原因。
Constant nourishment and renewal differ from generation only in degree, and constant excretion differs only in degree from death.
持续的滋养和更新与生成只是程度不同，而持续的排泄与死亡也只是程度不同。
The first shows itself most simply and distinctly in the plant.
第一个在植物中表现得最简单、最明显。
The plant is throughout a constant recurrence of the same impulse of its simplest fibre, which groups itself into leaf and branch.
植物始终不断重复其最简单的纤维的相同冲动，将自身分为叶和枝。
It is a systematic aggregate of similar plants supporting each other, whose constant reproduction is its single impulse.
它是相互支持的相似植物的系统集合，其不断的繁殖是其单一的推动力。
It ascends to the full satisfaction of this tendency through the grades of its metamorphosis, finally to the blossom and fruit, that compendium of its existence and effort in which it now attains, by a short way, to that which is its single aim, and at a stroke produces a thousand-fold what, up till then, it effected only in the particular case—the repetition of itself.
它通过其变形的各个阶段，上升到对这种趋势的完全满足，最终达到开花结果，即它的存在和努力的纲要，在其中它现在以很短的方式达到了它的唯一目标，并且一下子就产生了千倍的效果，而在此之前，它只在特定情况下产生效果——自身的重复。
Its earlier growth and development stands in the same relation to its fruit as writing stands to printing.
它早期的成长和发展与其成果的关系就像书写与印刷的关系一样。
With the animal it is clearly quite the same.
对于动物来说，情况显然是一样的。
The process of nourishing is a constant reproduction; the process of reproduction is a higher power of nourishing.
滋养的过程就是不断的繁衍；繁殖的过程是一种更高的滋养力量。
The pleasure which accompanies the act of procreation is a higher power of the agreeableness of the sense of life.
伴随着繁衍行为的快乐是一种更高的生命愉悦感的力量。
On the other hand, excretion, the constant exhalation and throwing off of matter, is the same as that which, at a higher power, death, is the contrary of generation.
另一方面，排泄，即物质的不断呼气和抛掷，与更高层次的死亡相同，是生成的对立面。
And if here we are always content to retain the form without lamenting the discarded matter, we ought to bear ourselves in the same way if in death the same thing happens, in a higher degree and to the whole, as takes place daily and hourly in a partial manner in excretion: if we are indifferent to the one, we ought not to shrink from the other.
如果在这里我们总是满足于保留形式而不哀叹被丢弃的物质，那么如果在死亡中同样的事情发生在更高的程度和整体上，我们也应该以同样的方式承担自己，就像每天每时都发生的那样。排泄的部分方式：如果我们对其中一种漠不关心，我们就不应该回避另一种。
Therefore, from this point of view, it appears just as perverse to desire the continuance of an individuality which will be replaced by other individuals as to desire the permanence of matter which will be replaced by other matter.
因此，从这个角度来看，渴望一个被其他个体所取代的个体的延续，就像渴望被其他物质所取代的物质的永久性一样，是有悖常理的。
It appears just as foolish to embalm the body as it would be carefully to preserve its excrement.
对尸体进行防腐处理就像小心翼翼地保存其排泄物一样愚蠢。
As to the individual consciousness which is bound to the individual body, it is absolutely interrupted every day by sleep.
至于与个体身体绑定的个体意识，每天绝对会被睡眠所打断。
Deep sleep is, while it lasts, in no way different from death, into which, in fact, it often passes continuously, as in the case of freezing to death.
深度睡眠虽然持续，但与死亡没有任何区别，事实上，深度睡眠经常持续不断地进入死亡，就像冻死的情况一样。
It differs only with regard to the future, the awaking.
它的不同之处仅在于未来，即觉醒。
Death is a sleep in which individuality is forgotten; everything else wakes again, or rather never slept.(64)  Above all things, we must distinctly recognise that the form of the phenomenon of will, the form of life or reality, is really only the _present_, not the future nor the past.
死亡是一种遗忘了个体的睡眠； (64) 最重要的是，我们必须清楚地认识到，意志现象的形式、生命或现实的形式实际上只是“现在”，而不是未来或过去。
The latter are only in the conception, exist only in the connection of knowledge, so far as it follows the principle of sufficient reason.
后者仅存在于概念中，仅存在于知识的联系中，只要它遵循充足理由原则即可。
No man has ever lived in the past, and none will live in the future; the _present_ alone is the form of all life, and is its sure possession which can never be taken from it.
没有人活在过去，也没有人活在未来；唯有当下才是所有生命的形式，并且是生命的可靠财产，永远无法被夺走。
The present always exists, together with its content.
当下及其内容始终存在。
Both remain fixed without wavering, like the rainbow on the waterfall.
两者都保持不动摇，就像瀑布上的彩虹一样。
For life is firm and certain in the will, and the present is firm and certain in life.
因为生命在意志中是坚定而确定的，现在在生命中也是坚定而确定的。
Certainly, if we reflect on the thousands of years that are past, of the millions of men who lived in them, we ask, What were they? what has become of them? But, on the other hand, we need only recall our own past life and renew its scenes vividly in our imagination, and then ask again, What was all this? what has become of it? As it is with it, so is it with the life of those millions.
当然，如果我们反思过去的数千年，以及生活在其中的数以百万计的人，我们会问，他们是什么？他们怎么样了？但另一方面，我们只需回想自己的前世，在想象中重现它的情景，然后再问，这一切到底是什么？它变成了什么样子？事情如此，数百万人的生活也是如此。
Or should we suppose that the past could receive a new existence because it has been sealed by death? Our own past, the most recent part of it, and even yesterday, is now no more than an empty dream of the fancy, and such is the past of all those millions.
或者我们是否应该假设过去因为被死亡封印而能够获得新的存在？我们自己的过去，最近的部分，甚至昨天，现在都不过是一个空想的梦想，这就是数百万人的过去。
What was? What is? The will, of which life is the mirror, and knowledge free from will, which beholds it clearly in that mirror.
什么是？什么是？意志，生命是它的镜子，而不受意志约束的知识，在镜子中清晰地看到它。
Whoever has not yet recognised this, or will not recognise it, must add to the question asked above as to the fate of past generations of men this question also: Why he, the questioner, is so fortunate as to be conscious of this costly, fleeting, and only real present, while those hundreds of generations of men, even the heroes and philosophers of those ages, have sunk into the night of the past, and have thus become nothing; but he, his insignificant ego, actually exists? or more shortly, though somewhat strangely: Why this now, his now, _is_ just now and _was_ not long ago? Since he asks such strange questions, he regards his existence and his time as independent of each other, and the former as projected into the latter.
任何人还没有认识到这一点，或者不会认识到这一点，就必须在上面提出的关于过去几代人的命运的问题中添加这个问题：为什么他，提问者，如此幸运，能够意识到这一代价高昂的，转瞬即逝，只有真实的当下，而那几百代人，甚至那个时代的英雄、哲学家，都已经沉入了过去的黑夜，化为虚无；但他，他那微不足道的自我，却真的存在吗？或者更简单地说，虽然有点奇怪：为什么现在，他的现在，_是_刚刚，_是_不久前？既然他提出了如此奇怪的问题，他就认为他的存在和他的时间是相互独立的，并且前者投射到了后者中。
He assumes indeed two nows—one which belongs to the object, the other which belongs to the subject, and marvels at the happy accident of their coincidence.
他确实假设了两个现在——一个属于客体，另一个属于主体，并对它们的巧合的幸福意外感到惊讶。
But in truth, only the point of contact of the object, the form of which is time, with the subject, which has no mode of the principle of sufficient reason as its form, constitutes the present, as is shown in the essay on the principle of sufficient reason.
但事实上，只有以时间为形式的客体与没有充足理由原则模式为形式的主体的接触点，才构成现在，正如《论时间》的文章所表明的那样。充足理由原则。
Now all object is the will so far as it has become idea, and the subject is the necessary correlative of the object.
现在一切客体只要成为观念就都是意志，而主体则是客体的必然关联物。
But real objects are only in the present; the past and the future contain only conceptions and fancies, therefore the present is the essential form of the phenomenon of the will, and inseparable from it.
但真实的物体只存在于当下；过去和未来只包含观念和幻想，因此现在是意志现象的本质形式，并且与意志现象密不可分。
The present alone is that which always exists and remains immovable.
只有当下才是永远存在且不可动摇的。
That which, empirically apprehended, is the most transitory of all, presents itself to the metaphysical vision, which sees beyond the forms of empirical perception, as that which alone endures, the _nunc stans_ of the schoolmen.
从经验上理解的东西是所有事物中最短暂的，它呈现给形而上学的视野，这种视野超越了经验感知的形式，作为唯一持久的东西，即经院学者的“nunc stans”。
The source and the supporter of its content is the will to live or the thing-in-itself,—which we are.
其内容的来源和支持者是生存的意愿或事物本身——我们就是这样。
That which constantly becomes and passes away, in that it has either already been or is still to be, belongs to the phenomenon as such on account of its forms, which make coming into being and passing away possible.
不断地生成和消逝的东西，因为它要么已经存在，要么仍然存在，由于其形式而属于现象本身，这使得存在和消失成为可能。
Accordingly, we must think:—_Quid fuit?_—_Quod est._ _Quid erit?_—_Quod fuit;_ and take it in the strict meaning of the words; thus understand not _simile_ but _idem_.
因此，我们必须思考：—_Quid fuit？_—_Quod est._ _Quid erit？_—_Quod fuit;_并按照单词的严格含义来理解它；因此理解不是_明喻_而是_同上_。
For life is certain to the will, and the present is certain to life.
因为生命对于意志来说是确定的，现在对于生命来说是确定的。
Thus it is that every one can say, “I am once for all lord of the present, and through all eternity it will accompany me as my shadow: therefore I do not wonder where it has come from, and how it happens that it is exactly now.” We might compare time to a constantly revolving sphere; the half that was always sinking would be the past, that which was always rising would be the future; but the indivisible point at the top, where the tangent touches, would be the extensionless present.
因此，每个人都可以说：“我一劳永逸地成为现在的主宰，而它将作为我的影子永远伴随着我：因此，我不奇怪它从哪里来，也不知道它是如何发生的。”就在现在。”我们可以将时间比作一个不断旋转的球体；总是下沉的一半是过去，总是上升的一半是未来。但顶部不可分割的点，即切线所接触的地方，将是无延伸的现在。
As the tangent does not revolve with the sphere, neither does the present, the point of contact of the object, the form of which is time, with the subject, which has no form, because it does not belong to the knowable, but is the condition of all that is knowable.
正如切线不随球体旋转一样，现在，即以时间为形式的客体的接触点，也不随主体旋转，而主体没有形式，因为它不属于可知，而是存在。一切可知事物的状况。
Or, time is like an unceasing stream, and the present a rock on which the stream breaks itself, but does not carry away with it.
或者说，时间就像一条永不停歇的溪流，现在是一块岩石，溪流在上面冲破了自己，但并没有带走它。
The will, as thing-in-itself, is just as little subordinate to the principle of sufficient reason as the subject of knowledge, which, finally, in a certain regard is the will itself or its expression.
意志作为自在之物，与知识主体一样不服从充分理性原则，而知识主体在某种程度上就是意志本身或其表达。
And as life, its own phenomenon, is assured to the will, so is the present, the single form of real life.
正如生命，它自己的现象，是对意志的保证一样，当下，现实生活的单一形式也是如此。
Therefore we have not to investigate the past before life, nor the future after death: we have rather to know the _present_, the one form in which the will manifests itself.(65) It will not escape from the will, but neither will the will escape from it.
因此，我们不必探究生前的过去，也不必探究死后的未来：我们宁愿了解现在，即意志表现自身的一种形式。 (65) 它不会逃脱意志，但意志也不会逃脱。会逃离它。
If, therefore, life as it is satisfies, whoever affirms it in every way may regard it with confidence as endless, and banish the fear of death as an illusion that inspires him with the foolish dread that he can ever be robbed of the present, and foreshadows a time in which there is no present; an illusion with regard to time analogous to the illusion with regard to space through which every one imagines the position on the globe he happens to occupy as above, and all other places as below.
因此，如果生命本身是令人满意的，那么无论谁以各种方式肯定它，都可以充满信心地认为它是无尽的，并消除对死亡的恐惧，将其视为一种幻觉，这种幻觉激发了他愚蠢的恐惧，认为他可能会被剥夺现在，并预示着一个没有现在的时代；一种关于时间的幻觉，类似于关于空间的幻觉，通过这种幻觉，每个人都想象他碰巧占据的地球上的位置在上面，而所有其他地方在下面。
In the same way every one links the present to his own individuality, and imagines that all present is extinguished with it; that then past and future might be without a present.
同样，每个人都将当下与自己的个性联系起来，并想象所有当下都随之消失。那么过去和未来可能没有现在。
But as on the surface of the globe every place is above, so the form of all life is the _present_, and to fear death because it robs us of the present, is just as foolish as to fear that we may slip down from the round globe upon which we have now the good fortune to occupy the upper surface.
但正如地球表面上的每一个地方都在上面一样，所有生命的形式都是“现在”，而害怕死亡是因为它夺走了我们的现在，就像担心我们可能从地球上滑落一样愚蠢。我们现在有幸占据了地球仪的上表面。
The present is the form essential to the objectification of the will.
现在时是意志客观化所必需的形式。
It cuts time, which extends infinitely in both directions, as a mathematical point, and stands immovably fixed, like an everlasting mid-day with no cool evening, as the actual sun burns without intermission, while it only seems to sink into the bosom of night.
它切割了时间，作为一个数学点，时间在两个方向上无限延伸，并且一动不动地站着，就像一个永远的正午，没有凉爽的夜晚，就像真正的太阳不停地燃烧，而它似乎只是沉入了怀抱。夜晚。
Therefore, if a man fears death as his annihilation, it is just as if he were to think that the sun cries out at evening, “Woe is me! for I go down into eternal night.”(66) And conversely, whoever is oppressed with the burden of life, whoever desires life and affirms it, but abhors its torments, and especially can no longer endure the hard lot that has fallen to himself, such a man has no deliverance to hope for from death, and cannot right himself by suicide.
因此，如果一个人害怕死亡作为他的毁灭，就好像他认为太阳在傍晚大声喊叫：“祸哉！因为我要进入永恒的黑夜。”(66) 反之，凡是被生命的重担压垮的人，凡是渴望生命并肯定生命，但又厌恶生命的折磨，尤其是不能再忍受落在自己身上的艰难命运的人。这样的人无法指望从死亡中解脱出来，也无法通过自杀来纠正自己。
The cool shades of Orcus allure him only with the false appearance of a haven of rest.
奥库斯的冷色调仅以休息天堂的假象来吸引他。
The earth rolls from day into night, the individual dies, but the sun itself shines without intermission, an eternal noon.
地球从白天滚动到黑夜，个体死亡，但太阳本身却不间断地发光，是一个永恒的正午。
Life is assured to the will to live; the form of life is an endless present, no matter how the individuals, the phenomena of the Idea, arise and pass away in time, like fleeting dreams.
生命有保证，有求生的意志；生命的形式是无尽的现在，无论个体、理念的现象如何随着时间的推移而生起和消逝，就像转瞬即逝的梦一样。
Thus even already suicide appears to us as a vain and therefore a foolish action; when we have carried our investigation further it will appear to us in a still less favourable light.
因此，即使自杀在我们看来也是徒劳的，因此也是愚蠢的行为。当我们进一步进行调查时，我们会发现情况更加不利。
 Dogmas change and our knowledge is deceptive; but Nature never errs, her procedure is sure, and she never conceals it.
教条会改变，我们的知识会具有欺骗性；但大自然永远不会犯错，她的程序是确定的，而且她从不隐瞒这一点。
Everything is entirely in Nature, and Nature is entire in everything.
一切都完全在自然之中，自然又完整地存在于一切之中。
She has her centre in every brute.
她以每一个野兽为中心。
It has surely found its way into existence, and it will surely find its way out of it.
它肯定已经找到了存在的方法，也一定会找到退出的方法。
In the meantime it lives, fearless and without care, in the presence of annihilation, supported by the consciousness that it is Nature herself, and imperishable as she is.
与此同时，它在毁灭面前无所畏惧、无忧无虑地生存着，并得到了这样一种意识的支持：它就是自然本身，并且是不朽的。
Man alone carries about with him, in abstract conceptions, the certainty of his death; yet this can only trouble him very rarely, when for a single moment some occasion calls it up to his imagination.
人在抽象概念中独自携带着他死亡的确定性。然而，这只会在极少数情况下困扰他，只有在某个时刻，某些场合会唤起他的想象。
Against the mighty voice of Nature reflection can do little.
面对大自然的强大声音，反思无能为力。
In man, as in the brute which does not think, the certainty that springs from his inmost consciousness that he himself is Nature, the world, predominates as a lasting frame of mind; and on account of this no man is observably disturbed by the thought of certain and never-distant death, but lives as if he would live for ever.
在人身上，就像在不会思考的野兽身上一样，从他内心深处的意识中产生的确定性，即他自己就是自然，世界，作为一种持久的心智结构占主导地位。正因为如此，没有人明显地因为死亡的必然性和永不遥远的想法而感到不安，而是像他会永远活着一样生活。
Indeed this is carried so far that we may say that no one has really a lively conviction of the certainty of his death, otherwise there would be no great difference between his frame of mind and that of a condemned criminal.
事实上，这种情况已经发展到了如此地步，我们可以说，没有人真正确信自己必死无疑，否则他的心境与一个被判死刑的罪犯的心境不会有太大区别。
Every one recognises that certainty in the abstract and theoretically, but lays it aside like other theoretical truths which are not applicable to practice, without really receiving it into his living consciousness.
每个人都在抽象和理论上认识到这种确定性，但却像其他不适用于实践的理论真理一样将其搁置一边，而没有真正将其纳入自己的生活意识中。
Whoever carefully considers this peculiarity of human character will see that the psychological explanations of it, from habit and acquiescence in the inevitable, are by no means sufficient, and that its true explanation lies in the deeper ground we have given.
凡是仔细考虑人类性格的这种特殊性的人都会发现，从习惯和对不可避免的默许中对它的心理学解释决是不够的，它的真正解释在于我们所给出的更深层次的基础。
The same fact explains the circumstance that at all times and among all peoples dogmas of some kind or other relating to the continued existence of the individual after death arise, and are believed in, although the evidence in support of them must always be very insufficient, and the evidence against them forcible and varied.
同样的事实解释了这样的情况：在任何时候、所有民族中，关于个人死后继续存在的某种教条都会出现，并且受到人们的相信，尽管支持它们的证据总是非常不足，对他们不利的证据确凿且多种多样。
But, in truth, this really requires no proof, but is recognised by the healthy understanding as a fact, and confirmed by the confidence that Nature never lies any more than she errs, but openly exhibits and naïvely expresses her action and her nature, while only we ourselves obscure it by our folly, in order to establish what is agreeable to our limited point of view.
但是，事实上，这确实不需要证据，而是被健康的理解所承认为事实，并被相信大自然永远不会说谎，就像她犯下的错误一样，而是公开展示和天真地表达她的行为和她的本性，而只有我们自己用自己的愚蠢来掩盖它，才能确立与我们有限的观点相一致的观点。
 But this that we have brought to clearest consciousness, that although the particular phenomenon of the will has a temporal beginning and end, the will itself as thing-in-itself is not affected by it, nor yet the correlative of all object, the knowing but never known subject, and that life is always assured to the will to live—this is not to be numbered with the doctrines of immortality.
但我们已经把这一点带入了最清晰的意识，即虽然意志的特殊现象有一个暂时的开始和结束，但作为自在之物的意志本身并不受它的影响，也不是所有对象的相关物，即认知。但从来不知道主题，而生命总是对生存的意志有保证——这不能与不朽的教义相提并论。
For permanence has no more to do with the will or with the pure subject of knowing, the eternal eye of the world, than transitoriness, for both are predicates that are only valid in time, and the will and the pure subject of knowing lie outside time.
因为持久性与意志或纯粹的认识主体（世界的永恒之眼）的关系并不比短暂性更大，因为两者都是仅在时间上有效的谓词，而意志和纯粹的认识主体位于外部。时间。
Therefore the egoism of the individual (this particular phenomenon of will enlightened by the subject of knowing) can extract as little nourishment and consolation for his wish to endure through endless time from the view we have expressed, as he could from the knowledge that after his death the rest of the eternal world would continue to exist, which is just the expression of the same view considered objectively, and therefore temporally.
因此，个人的利己主义（这种受认识主体启蒙的意志的特殊现象）从我们所表达的观点中无法为他在无尽的时间里坚持下去的愿望提供很少的营养和安慰，正如他从他的知识中获得的营养和安慰一样。死亡后，永恒世界的其余部分将继续存在，这只是客观地、因此也是暂时地考虑的同一观点的表达。
For every individual is transitory only as phenomenon, but as thing-in-itself is timeless, and therefore endless.
因为每个个体只是作为现象而短暂，但作为物自体却是永恒的，因此是无穷无尽的。
But it is also only as phenomenon that an individual is distinguished from the other things of the world; as thing-in-itself he is the will which appears in all, and death destroys the illusion which separates his consciousness from that of the rest: this is immortality.
但也只有作为现象，个体才能区别于世界上的其他事物。作为自在之物，他是出现在所有人之中的意志，死亡摧毁了将他的意识与其他人的意识分开的幻觉：这就是不朽。
His exemption from death, which belongs to him only as thing-in-itself, is for the phenomenon one with the immortality of the rest of the external world.(67) Hence also, it arises that although the inward and merely felt consciousness of that which we have raised to distinct knowledge is indeed, as we have said, sufficient to prevent the thought of death from poisoning the life of the rational being, because this consciousness is the basis of that love of life which maintains everything living, and enables it to live on at ease as if there were no such thing as death, so long as it is face to face with life, and turns its attention to it, yet it will not prevent the individual from being seized with the fear of death, and trying in every way to escape from it, when it presents itself to him in some particular real case, or even only in his imagination, and he is compelled to contemplate it.
他对死亡的免除，只属于他作为自在之物，是为了与外部世界的其余部分的不朽性合一的现象。（67）因此，也出现了，尽管内在的和仅仅感觉到的意识正如我们已经说过的，我们所提出的明确知识确实足以防止死亡思想毒害理性存在的生命，因为这种意识是对生命的热爱的基础，它维持着一切生命，并使一切得以生存。只要面对生命，关注生命，就可以安逸地生活，仿佛没有死亡这回事，但这并不妨碍个体被死亡的恐惧所占据，当它在某个特定的真实案例中，甚至只是在他的想象中出现时，他会想方设法逃避它，而他不得不沉思它。
For just as, so long as his knowledge was directed to life as such, he was obliged to recognise immortality in it, so when death is brought before his eyes, he is obliged to recognise it as that which it is, the temporal end of the particular temporal phenomenon.
因为，只要他的知识是针对生命本身的，他就必须认识到其中的不朽，同样，当死亡出现在他眼前时，他也必须认识到它的本来面目，即生命的暂时终结。特定的时间现象。
What we fear in death is by no means the pain, for it lies clearly on this side of death, and, moreover, we often take refuge in death from pain, just as, on the contrary, we sometimes endure the most fearful suffering merely to escape death for a while, although it would be quick and easy.
我们对死亡的恐惧绝不是痛苦，因为它显然就在死亡的这一边，而且，我们常常以死亡来逃避痛苦，正如相反，我们有时只是忍受最可怕的痛苦。暂时逃脱死亡，尽管这会很快而且很容易。
Thus we distinguish pain and death as two entirely different evils.
因此，我们将痛苦和死亡区分为两种完全不同的罪恶。
What we fear in death is the end of the individual, which it openly professes itself to be, and since the individual is a particular objectification of the will to live itself, its whole nature struggles against death.
我们对死亡的恐惧是个体的终结，它公开宣称自己就是个体的终结，而且由于个体是生存意志本身的特殊客体化，它的整个本质都在与死亡作斗争。
Now when feeling thus exposes us helpless, reason can yet step in and for the most part overcome its adverse influence, for it places us upon a higher standpoint, from which we no longer contemplate the particular but the whole.
现在，当情感使我们变得无助时，理性仍然可以介入，并在很大程度上克服它的不利影响，因为它把我们置于更高的立场上，我们不再考虑个别而是整体。
Therefore a philosophical knowledge of the nature of the world, which extended to the point we have now reached in this work but went no farther, could even at this point of view overcome the terror of death in the measure in which reflection had power over direct feeling in the given individual.
因此，关于世界本质的哲学知识，即使在这一点上，也可以克服死亡的恐惧，而这种知识已经延伸到我们现在在这部著作中所达到的程度，但还没有走得更远，在某种程度上，反思具有超越直接的力量。对特定个体的感觉。
A man who had thoroughly assimilated the truths we have already advanced, but had not come to know, either from his own experience or from a deeper insight, that constant suffering is essential to life, who found satisfaction and all that he wished in life, and could calmly and deliberately desire that his life, as he had hitherto known it, should endure for ever or repeat itself ever anew, and whose love of life was so great that he willingly and gladly accepted all the hardships and miseries to which it is exposed for the sake of its pleasures,—such a man would stand “with firm-knit bones on the well-rounded, enduring earth,” and would have nothing to fear.
一个人已经彻底吸收了我们已经提出的真理，但无论是从他自己的经验还是从更深刻的洞察力中，他都没有认识到不断的痛苦对生活至关重要，他在生活中找到了满足和他所希望的一切，他能够平静而刻意地希望他的生活，正如他迄今为止所知道的那样，能够永远持续下去，或者永远重新开始，他对生活的热爱是如此之大，以至于他心甘情愿地接受生活中的所有艰难和痛苦。为享乐而暴露，——这样的人会“以坚韧的骨头站立在圆润、持久的大地上”，并且没有什么可害怕的。
Armed with the knowledge we have given him, he would await with indifference the death that hastens towards him on the wings of time.
有了我们所传授的知识，他就会冷漠地等待乘着时间之翼向他逼近的死亡。
He would regard it as a false illusion, an impotent spectre, which frightens the weak but has no power over him who knows that he is himself the will of which the whole world is the objectification or copy, and that therefore he is always certain of life, and also of the present, the peculiar and only form of the phenomenon of the will.
他会把它视为一种虚假的幻觉，一个无能为力的幽灵，它会吓坏弱者，但对他没有任何力量，因为他知道他自己就是意志，整个世界都是其客观化或复制品，因此他总是确信自己的意志。生命，也包括现在，即意志现象的独特且唯一的形式。
He could not be terrified by an endless past or future in which he would not be, for this he would regard as the empty delusion of the web of Mâya.
他不会对无尽的过去或未来感到恐惧，因为他不会害怕，因为他认为这是玛雅之网的空洞幻觉。
Thus he would no more fear death than the sun fears the night.
因此，他不再害怕死亡，就像太阳不再害怕黑夜一样。
In the “Bhagavad-Gita” Krishna thus raises the mind of his young pupil Arjuna, when, seized with compunction at the sight of the arrayed hosts (somewhat as Xerxes was), he loses heart and desires to give up the battle in order to avert the death of so many thousands.
在《薄伽梵歌》中，克里希纳如此提振了他年轻的学生阿朱那的心智，当他看到列队的大军（有点像薛西斯那样）时，他感到内疚，灰心丧气，渴望放弃战斗，以便避免数千人的死亡。
Krishna leads him to this point of view, and the death of those thousands can no longer restrain him; he gives the sign for battle.
克里希纳（Krishna）引导他采取这种观点，而那数千人的死亡已经无法再抑制他了；他发出战斗的信号。
This point of view is also expressed by Goethe’s Prometheus, especially when he says—       “Here sit I, form mankind     In my own image,     A race like to myself,     To suffer and to weep,     Rejoice, enjoy,     And heed thee not,     As I.”   The philosophy of Bruno and that of Spinoza might also lead any one to this point of view whose conviction was not shaken and weakened by their errors and imperfections.
歌德的《普罗米修斯》也表达了这一观点，尤其是当他说：“我坐在这里，按照我自己的形象形成人类，一个与我相似的种族，受苦，哭泣，欢乐，享受，而不理会你，就像我。”布鲁诺和斯宾诺莎的哲学也可能引导任何人得出这一观点，只要他们的信念没有因他们的错误和缺陷而动摇和削弱。
That of Bruno has properly no ethical theory at all, and the theory contained in the philosophy of Spinoza does not really proceed from the inner nature of his doctrine, but is merely tacked on to it by means of weak and palpable sophisms, though in itself it is praiseworthy and beautiful.
布鲁诺的理论根本就没有伦理理论，而斯宾诺莎哲学中所包含的理论并不是真正从他的学说的内在本质出发，而只是通过微弱的、明显的诡辩手段附加到它身上，尽管其本身这是值得赞扬和美丽的。
Finally, there are many men who would occupy this point of view if their knowledge kept pace with their will, _i.e._, if, free from all illusion, they were in a position to become clearly and distinctly themselves.
最后，如果他们的知识与他们的意志保持同步，也就是说，如果他们摆脱了一切幻想，能够清楚地成为自己，那么很多人都会持有这种观点。
For this is, for knowledge, the point of view of the complete _assertion of the will to live_.
对于知识来说，这就是完整的_生存意志的主张_的观点。
 That the will asserts itself means, that while in its objectivity, _i.e._, in the world and life, its own nature is completely and distinctly given it as idea, this knowledge does not by any means check its volition; but this very life, so known, is willed as such by the will with knowledge, consciously and deliberately, just as up to this point it willed it as blind effort without knowledge.
意志坚持自己意味着，虽然在其客观性中，即在世界和生活中，它自己的本质完全而明确地被赋予为观念，但这种知识无论如何都不会检查它的意志；但是，众所周知，这种生命本身是由有知识的意志自觉地、故意地意志所决定的，就像到目前为止，它是在没有知识的情况下盲目努力地意志一样。
The opposite of this, the _denial of the will to live_, shows itself if, when that knowledge is attained, volition ends, because the particular known phenomena no longer act as _motives_ for willing, but the whole knowledge of the nature of the world, the mirror of the will, which has grown up through the comprehension of the _Ideas_, becomes a _quieter_ of the will; and thus free, the will suppresses itself.
与此相反，如果当获得知识时，意志就结束了，那么“对生存意志的否认”就会显现出来，因为特定的已知现象不再充当意志的“动机”，而是关于世界本质的全部知识，通过理解“观念”而成长起来的意志之镜，变成了意志的“安静者”；因此，意志是自由的，但它会抑制自己。
These quite unfamiliar conceptions are difficult to understand when expressed in this general way, but it is hoped they will become clear through the exposition we shall give presently, with special reference to action, of the phenomena in which, on the one hand, the assertion in its different grades, and, on the other hand, the denial, expresses itself.
当以这种一般方式表达时，这些相当陌生的概念很难理解，但希望通过我们现在将特别提到行动的现象的阐述，它们会变得清楚，在这些现象中，一方面，断言在不同的等级中，另一方面，否认也表达了自己。
For both proceed from knowledge, yet not from abstract knowledge, which is expressed in words, but from living knowledge, which is expressed in action and behaviour alone, and is independent of the dogmas which at the same time occupy the reason as abstract knowledge.
因为两者都源于知识，但不是源于用语言表达的抽象知识，而是源于活生生的知识，它仅在行动和行为中表达，并且独立于教条，而教条同时占据了作为抽象知识的理性。
To exhibit them both, and bring them to distinct knowledge of the reason, can alone be my aim, and not to prescribe or recommend the one or the other, which would be as foolish as it would be useless; for the will in itself is absolutely free and entirely self-determining, and for it there is no law.
展示这两者，并让他们对原因有清晰的认识，这就是我的目的，而不是规定或推荐其中之一，因为这既愚蠢又无用；因为意志本身是绝对自由的、完全自我决定的，并且对于它来说没有法律。
But before we go on to the exposition referred to, we must first explain and more exactly define this _freedom_ and its relation to necessity.
但在我们继续进行上述阐述之前，我们必须首先解释并更准确地定义这种“自由”及其与必然性的关系。
And also, with regard to the life, the assertion and denial of which is our problem, we must insert a few general remarks connected with the will and its objects.
而且，对于生命的断言和否认是我们的问题，我们必须插入一些与意志及其对象有关的一般性评论。
Through all this we shall facilitate the apprehension of the inmost nature of the knowledge we are aiming at, of the ethical significance of methods of action.
通过这一切，我们将有助于理解我们所追求的知识的本质，以及行动方法的伦理意义。
 Since, as has been said, this whole work is only the unfolding of a single thought, it follows that all its parts have the most intimate connection with each other.
正如已经说过的，由于整部作品只是一个单一思想的展开，因此它的所有部分彼此之间有着最密切的联系。
Not merely that each part stands in a necessary relation to what immediately precedes it, and only presupposes a recollection of that by the reader, as is the case with all philosophies which consist merely of a series of inferences, but that every part of the whole work is related to every other part and presupposes it.
不仅每个部分都与紧邻它之前的部分存在必然的关系，并且仅以读者对它的回忆为前提，就像所有仅由一系列推论组成的哲学一样，而且整体的每个部分工作与其他所有部分相关，并且以它为前提。
It is, therefore, necessary that the reader should remember not only what has just been said, but all the earlier parts of the work, so that he may be able to connect them with what he is reading, however much may have intervened.
因此，读者不仅要记住刚才所说的内容，还要记住本书前面的所有部分，这样他才能将它们与他正在阅读的内容联系起来，无论中间有多少干扰。
Plato also makes this demand upon his readers through the intricate digressions of his dialogues, in which he only returns to the leading thought after long episodes, which illustrate and explain it.
柏拉图还通过对话中错综复杂的离题向读者提出了这一要求，在对话中，他只有在长篇大论之后才回到主要思想，这些情节说明并解释了这一点。
In our case this demand is necessary; for the breaking up of our one single thought into its many aspects is indeed the only means of imparting it, though not essential to the thought itself, but merely an artificial form.
在我们的例子中，这个需求是必要的；因为将我们的单一思想分解为许多方面确实是传递它的唯一手段，尽管这对于思想本身来说并不是必需的，而只是一种人为的形式。
The division of four principal points of view into four books, and the most careful bringing together of all that is related and homogeneous, assists the exposition and its comprehension; yet the material absolutely does not admit of an advance in a straight line, such as the progress of history, but necessitates a more complicated exposition.
将四种主要观点分为四本书，并将所有相关和同质的内容最仔细地汇集在一起，有助于阐述和理解；然而，材料绝对不允许直线前进，如历史的进步，而是需要更复杂的阐述。
This again makes a repeated study of the book necessary, for thus alone does the connection of all the parts with each other become distinct, and only then do they all mutually throw light upon each other and become quite clear.(68)  § 55.
这再次使得对本书进行重复研究成为必要，因为只有这样，所有部分彼此之间的联系才变得清晰，只有这样，它们才会相互相互照亮并变得非常清晰。(68) § 55。
That the will as such is _free_, follows from the fact that, according to our view, it is the thing-in-itself, the content of all phenomena.
意志本身是_自由_的，源于这样一个事实：根据我们的观点，它是自在之物，是所有现象的内容。
The phenomena, on the other hand, we recognise as absolutely subordinate to the principle of sufficient reason in its four forms.
另一方面，我们认为这些现象绝对服从四种形式的充足理由原则。
And since we know that necessity is throughout identical with following from given grounds, and that these are convertible conceptions, all that belongs to the phenomenon, _i.e._, all that is object for the knowing subject as individual, is in one aspect reason, and in another aspect consequent; and in this last capacity is determined with absolute necessity, and can, therefore, in no respect be other than it is.
既然我们知道必然性与从给定基础出发的遵循是完全一致的，并且这些都是可转换的概念，那么所有属于现象的东西，即所有作为个体的认识主体的客体，在一个方面都是原因，另一方面是结果；在这最后一种能力中，它是由绝对必要性决定的，因此，在任何方面都不能是别的。
The whole content of Nature, the collective sum of its phenomena, is thus throughout necessary, and the necessity of every part, of every phenomenon, of every event, can always be proved, because it must be possible to find the reason from which it follows as a consequent.
因此，自然的全部内容，其现象的集体总和，自始至终都是必然的，并且每一个部分、每一个现象、每一个事件的必然性总是可以被证明的，因为必须有可能找到它产生的原因。作为结果如下。
This admits of no exception: it follows from the unrestricted validity of the principle of sufficient reason.
这一点也不例外：它遵循充分理由原则的不受限制的有效性。
In another aspect, however, the same world is for us, in all its phenomena, objectivity of will.
然而，在另一方面，同一个世界对我们来说，在其所有现象中，都是意志的客观性。
And the will, since it is not phenomenon, is not idea or object, but thing-in-itself, and is not subordinate to the principle of sufficient reason, the form of all object; thus is not determined as a consequent through any reason, knows no necessity, _i.e._, is _free_.
而意志，因为它不是现象，所以不是观念或对象，而是自在之物，并且不服从充足理由的原则，即所有对象的形式；因此，不被任何理由确定为结果，不知道任何必然性，_即_，是_自由_。
The concept of freedom is thus properly a negative concept, for its content is merely the denial of necessity, _i.e._, the relation of consequent to its reason, according to the principle of sufficient reason.
因此，自由概念实际上是一个否定概念，因为它的内容仅仅是对必然性的否定，即根据充足理由原则，结果与其理性的关系。
Now here lies before us in its most distinct form the solution of that great contradiction, the union of freedom with necessity, which has so often been discussed in recent times, yet, so far as I know, never clearly and adequately.
现在，自由与必然的结合这个巨大矛盾的解决方案以其最独特的形式摆在我们面前，这个矛盾近来经常被讨论，但据我所知，从来没有明确和充分地讨论过。
Everything is as phenomenon, as object, absolutely necessary: _in itself_ it is will, which is perfectly free to all eternity.
一切事物都作为现象、作为对象，是绝对必要的：_就其本身_而言，它就是意志，它对一切永恒都是完全自由的。
The phenomenon, the object, is necessarily and unalterably determined in that chain of causes and effects which admits of no interruption.
现象、客体必然且不可改变地被因果链所决定，且不会间断。
But the existence in general of this object, and its specific nature, _i.e._, the Idea which reveals itself in it, or, in other words, its character, is a direct manifestation of will.
但是，这个对象的一般存在及其特定性质，即在其中揭示自身的理念，或者换句话说，它的特征，是意志的直接表现。
Thus, in conformity with the freedom of this will, the object might not be at all, or it might be originally and essentially something quite different from what it is, in which case, however, the whole chain of which it is a link, and which is itself a manifestation of the same will, would be quite different also.
因此，根据这种意志的自由，该对象可能根本不存在，或者它可能最初和本质上与它的本来面目完全不同，但在这种情况下，它作为一个环节的整个链条，而这本身就是同一意志的体现，也会有很大不同。
But once there and existing, it has entered the chain of causes and effects, is always necessarily determined in it, and can, therefore, neither become something else, _i.e._, change itself, nor yet escape from the chain, _i.e._, vanish.
但一旦存在并存在，它就进入了因果链，总是必然在其中被决定，因此，既不能成为其他东西，即改变自身，也不能逃脱链条。 .e._，消失。
Man, like every other part of Nature, is objectivity of the will; therefore all that has been said holds good of him.
人，就像自然的其他部分一样，是意志的客观性。因此，以上所说的一切都对他有利。
As everything in Nature has its forces and qualities, which react in a definite way when definitely affected, and constitute its character, man also has his _character_, from which the motives call forth his actions with necessity.
正如自然界中的一切都有其力量和品质，当受到明确影响时，它们会以一定的方式做出反应，并构成其特征，人也有他的_性格_，动机从这个性格中必然引起他的行动。
In this manner of conduct his empirical character reveals itself, but in this again his intelligible character, the will in itself, whose determined phenomenon he is.
在这种行为方式中，他的经验特征显露出来，但在这种方式中，他又显露出了他的可理知特征，即意志本身，他是其所决定的现象。
But man is the most complete phenomenon of will, and, as we explained in the Second Book, he had to be enlightened with so high a degree of knowledge in order to maintain himself in existence, that in it a perfectly adequate copy or repetition of the nature of the world under the form of the idea became possible: this is the comprehension of the Ideas, the pure mirror of the world, as we learnt in the Third Book.
但人是最完整的意志现象，正如我们在第二本书中所解释的，他必须受到如此高程度的知识的启发才能维持自己的存在，以至于在其中完全充分地复制或重复了观念形式下的世界本质成为可能：正如我们在第三本书中学到的那样，这就是对观念的理解，是世界的纯粹镜子。
Thus in man the will can attain to full self-consciousness, to distinct and exhaustive knowledge of its own nature, as it mirrors itself in the whole world.
因此，在人身上，意志可以达到充分的自我意识，获得对其自身本质的清晰而详尽的认识，因为它在整个世界中反映了自己。
We saw in the preceding book that art springs from the actual presence of this degree of knowledge; and at the end of our whole work it will further appear that, through the same knowledge, in that the will relates it to itself, a suppression and self-denial of the will in its most perfect manifestation is possible.
我们在上一本书中看到，艺术源于这种程度的知识的实际存在。在我们整个工作结束时，我们会进一步发现，通过同样的知识，由于意志将其与自身联系起来，在其最完美的表现中抑制和自我否定意志是可能的。
So that the freedom which otherwise, as belonging to the thing-in-itself, can never show itself in the phenomenon, in such a case does also appear in it, and, by abolishing the nature which lies at the foundation of the phenomenon, while the latter itself still continues to exist in time, it brings about a contradiction of the phenomenon with itself, and in this way exhibits the phenomena of holiness and self-renunciation.
因此，否则，属于自在之物的自由永远不能在现象中显现出来，在这种情况下，自由也确实出现在现象中，并且通过废除现象基础上的本质，而后者本身在时间上仍然继续存在，却带来了现象与自身的矛盾，从而表现出圣洁和自我放弃的现象。
But all this can only be fully understood at the end of this book.
但这一切只有读完本书才能完全理解。
What has just been said merely affords a preliminary and general indication of how man is distinguished from all the other phenomena of will by the fact that freedom, _i.e._, independence of the principle of sufficient reason, which only belongs to the will as thing-in-itself, and contradicts the phenomenon, may yet possibly, in his case, appear in the phenomenon also, where, however, it necessarily exhibits itself as a contradiction of the phenomenon with itself.
刚才所说的只是提供了一个初步和一般的指示，说明人如何与所有其他意志现象区分开来，因为自由，即独立于充分理由原则，只属于意志作为自在之物，与现象相矛盾，在他的情况下，也可能出现在现象中，然而，它必然表现为现象与其自身的矛盾。
In this sense, not only the will in itself, but man also may certainly be called free, and thus distinguished from all other beings.
从这个意义上说，不仅意志本身，人也当然可以被称为自由的，从而区别于一切其他存在。
But how this is to be understood can only become clear through all that is to follow, and for the present we must turn away from it altogether.
但如何理解这一点只有通过接下来的一切才能变得清晰，而目前我们必须完全回避它。
For, in the first place, we must beware of the error that the action of the individual definite man is subject to no necessity, _i.e._, that the power of the motive is less certain than the power of the cause, or the following of the conclusion from the premises.
因为，首先，我们必须提防这样的错误：个体的特定人的行为没有必然性，也就是说，动机的力量不如原因的力量那么确定，或者从前提得出的结论如下。
The freedom of the will as thing-in-itself, if, as has been said, we abstract from the entirely exceptional case mentioned above, by no means extends directly to its phenomenon, not even in the case in which this reaches the highest made of its visibility, and thus does not extend to the rational animal endowed with individual character, _i.e._, the person.
意志作为自在之物的自由，正如我们已经说过的，如果我们从上述完全例外的情况中抽象出来，那么它决不会直接延伸到它的现象，即使在达到最高成就的情况下也是如此。其可见性，因此并不延伸到具有个性的理性动物，即人。
The person is never free although he is the phenomenon of a free will; for he is already the determined phenomenon of the free volition of this will, and, because he enters the form of every object, the principle of sufficient reason, he develops indeed the unity of that will in a multiplicity of actions, but on account of the timeless unity of that volition in itself, this multiplicity exhibits in itself the regular conformity to law of a force of Nature.
尽管人是自由意志的现象，但他从来都不是自由的。因为他已经是这种意志的自由意志的决定性现象，而且，因为他进入了每一个对象的形式，充分理由的原则，他确实在多种行动中发展了这种意志的统一，但由于这种意志本身具有永恒的统一性，这种多样性本身就表现出对自然力法则的规律性遵守。
Since, however, it is that free volition that becomes visible in the person and the whole of his conduct, relating itself to him as the concept to the definition, every individual action of the person is to be ascribed to the free will, and directly proclaims itself as such in consciousness.
然而，由于自由意志在人和他的整个行为中变得可见，作为概念和定义与他相关，所以人的每一个个人行为都应归因于自由意志，并且直接在意识中如此宣称自己。
Therefore, as was said in the Second Book, every one regards himself _a priori_ (_i.e._, here in this original feeling) as free in his individual actions, in the sense that in every given case every action is possible for him, and he only recognises _a posteriori_ from experience and reflection upon experience that his actions take place with absolute necessity from the coincidence of his character with his motives.
因此，正如第二本书中所说，每个人都认为自己是先验的（即，在这种原始的感觉中）在他的个人行动中是自由的，因为在每一个特定的情况下，每一个行动对他来说都是可能的，他只是从经验和对经验的反思中后验地认识到，他的行为是绝对必然发生的，因为他的性格与动机是一致的。
Hence it arises that every uncultured man, following his feeling, ardently defends complete freedom in particular actions, while the great thinkers of all ages, and indeed the more profound systems of religion, have denied it.
因此，每一个没有文化的人，都会追随自己的感觉，热心地捍卫特定行为的完全自由，而各个时代的伟大思想家，甚至更深刻的宗教体系，都否认这一点。
But whoever has come to see clearly that the whole nature of man is will, and he himself only a phenomenon of this will, and that such a phenomenon has, even from the subject itself, the principle of sufficient reason as its necessary form, which here appears as the law of motivation,—such a man will regard it as just as absurd to doubt the inevitable nature of an action when the motive is presented to a given character, as to doubt that the three angles of any triangle are together equal to two right angles.
但凡是清楚地认识到，人的全部本质就是意志，而人本身只是这种意志的一种现象，而这种现象，甚至从主体本身来看，也具有作为其必然形式的充足理由原则，这里似乎是动机法则——当动机呈现给某个特定人物时，这样的人会认为怀疑行动的必然性是荒谬的，就像怀疑任何三角形的三个角相等一样荒谬。成两个直角。
Priestley has very sufficiently proved the necessity of the individual action in his “Doctrine of Philosophical Necessity;” but Kant, whose merit in this respect is specially great, first proved the coexistence of this necessity with the freedom of the will in itself, _i.e._, apart from the phenomenon,(69) by establishing the distinction between the intelligible and the empirical character.
普里斯特利在他的“哲学必然性学说”中非常充分地证明了个人行动的必然性；但是康德在这方面的功绩尤其巨大，他首先通过建立可理解的和可理解的事物之间的区别，证明了这种必然性与意志本身的自由的共存，也就是说，除了现象之外，（69）经验特征。
I entirely adhere to this distinction, for the former is the will as thing-in-itself so far as it appears in a definite individual in a definite grade, and the latter is this phenomenon itself as it exhibits itself in time in the mode of action, and in space in the physical structure.
我完全坚持这种区分，因为前者是作为物自体的意志，就其以一定的等级出现在一个确定的个体而言，而后者则是这种现象本身，因为它在时间中以行动，以及物理结构的空间。
In order to make the relation of the two comprehensible, the best expression is that which I have already used in the introductory essay, that the intelligible character of every man is to be regarded as an act of will outside time, and therefore indivisible and unchangeable, and the manifestation of this act of will developed and broken up in time and space and all the forms of the principle of sufficient reason is the empirical character as it exhibits itself for experience in the whole conduct and life of this man.
为了使两者的关系易于理解，最好的表达方式是我在引言中已经使用过的，即每个人的可理解的性格都应被视为时间之外的意志行为，因此是不可分割和不可改变的。 ，而这种在时间和空间上发展和分解的意志行为的表现以及充足理由原则的所有形式都是经验特征，因为它在这个人的整个行为和生活中表现出来的经验特征。
As the whole tree is only the constantly repeated manifestation of one and the same tendency, which exhibits itself in its simplest form in the fibre, and recurs and is easily recognised in the construction of the leaf, shoot, branch, and trunk, so all a man’s deeds are merely the constantly repeated expression, somewhat varied in form, of his intelligible character, and the induction based on the sum of all these expressions gives us his empirical character.
由于整棵树只是一种相同倾向的不断重复的表现，这种倾向以最简单的形式在纤维中表现出来，并且在叶、枝、枝和树干的构造中反复出现并很容易被识别，所以一个人的行为只不过是他的可理解的性格的不断重复的表达，在形式上有所不同，而基于所有这些表达的总和的归纳给我们提供了他的经验性格。
For the rest, I shall not at this point repeat in my own words Kant’s masterly exposition, but presuppose it as known.
对于其余的，我不会在这一点上用我自己的话重复康德的精彩阐述，而是假设它是已知的。
 In the year 1840 I dealt with the important chapter on the freedom of the will, thoroughly and in detail, in my crowned prize-essay upon the subject, and exposed the reason of the delusion which led men to imagine that they found an empirically given absolute freedom of the will, that is to say, a _liberum arbitrium indifferentiæ_, as a fact in self-consciousness; for the question propounded for the essay was with great insight directed to this point.
1840年，我在关于意志自由的获奖论文中，彻底而详细地论述了关于意志自由的重要一章，并揭露了导致人们想象他们发现了一种经验上给定的错觉的原因。意志的绝对自由，也就是说，作为自我意识中的一个事实，一种无差别的自由；因为本文所提出的问题正是针对这一点而提出的。
Therefore, as I refer the reader to that work, and also to the tenth paragraph of the prize-essay on the basis of morals, which was published along with it under the title “The Two Fundamental Problems of Ethics,” I now omit the incomplete exposition of the necessity of the act of will, which was given at this place in the first edition.
因此，当我向读者推荐该作品以及以道德为基础的获奖论文第十段时，该论文以“道德的两个基本问题”为标题一起出版，我现在省略了对意志行为的必要性的不完整解释，在第一版的这个地方就已经给出了。
Instead of it I shall explain the delusion mentioned above in a brief discussion which is presupposed in the nineteenth chapter of the supplement to the present work, and therefore could not be given in the prize-essay referred to.
相反，我将在一个简短的讨论中解释上述的错觉，该讨论是在本著作的补编第十九章中预设的，因此不能在提到的获奖论文中给出。
 Apart from the fact that the will as the true thing-in-itself is actually original and independent, and that the feeling of its originality and absoluteness must accompany its acts in self-consciousness, though here they are already determined, there arises the illusion of an empirical freedom of the will (instead of the transcendental freedom which alone is to be attributed to it), and thus a freedom of its particular actions, from that attitude of the intellect towards the will which is explained, separated, and subordinated in the nineteenth chapter of the supplement, especially under No.
除了作为真正的自在之物的意志实际上是原始的和独立的这一事实之外，它的原始性和绝对性的感觉必须伴随着它在自我意识中的行为，尽管在这里它们已经被确定了，但还是产生了幻觉意志的经验自由（而不是单独归因于它的先验自由），以及因此其特定行动的自由，来自理智对意志的态度，这种态度在理智中被解释、分离和服从。补编第十九章，特别是第 19 章。
3
3
The intellect knows the conclusions of the will only _a posteriori_ and empirically; therefore when a choice is presented, it has no data as to how the will is to decide.
智力只能通过后验和经验知道意志的结论；因此，当提出选择时，没有关于意愿如何决定的数据。
For the intelligible character, by virtue of which, when motives are given, only _one_ decision is possible and is therefore necessary, does not come within the knowledge of the intellect, but merely the empirical character is known to it through the succession of its particular acts.
因为可理解的特征，凭借其，当给定动机时，只有一个决定是可能的，因此是必要的，它不属于理智的知识范围，而只是通过其特定的连续性的经验特征为它所知。行为。
Therefore it seems to the intellect that in a given case two opposite decisions are possible for the will.
因此，在理智看来，在特定情况下，意志可能会做出两个相反的决定。
But this is just the same thing as if we were to say of a perpendicular beam that has lost its balance, and is hesitating which way to fall, “It can fall either to the right hand or the left.” This _can_ has merely a subjective significance, and really means “as far as the data known to us are concerned.” Objectively, the direction of the fall is necessarily determined as soon as the equilibrium is lost.
但这就像我们说失去平衡的垂直梁正在犹豫向哪个方向下落一样，“它可以向右手或向左下落。”这个_can_仅具有主观意义，真正的意思是“就我们所知的数据而言”。客观上，一旦失去平衡，下降的方向就必然被确定。
Accordingly, the decision of one’s own will is undetermined only to the beholder, one’s own intellect, and thus merely relatively and subjectively for the subject of knowing.
因此，一个人自己的意志的决定只能由旁观者、一个人自己的智力来决定，因此对于认识的主体来说只是相对和主观的。
In itself and objectively, on the other hand, in every choice presented to it, its decision is at once determined and necessary.
另一方面，就其本身和客观而言，在向它提出的每一个选择中，它的决定既是确定的又是必要的。
But this determination only comes into consciousness through the decision that follows upon it.
但这种决心只有通过随之而来的决定才能进入意识。
Indeed, we receive an empirical proof of this when any difficult and important choice lies before us, but only under a condition which is not yet present, but merely hoped for, so that in the meanwhile we can do nothing, but must remain passive.
事实上，当任何困难而重要的选择摆在我们面前时，我们就得到了这一点的经验证明，但只是在尚未出现而只是希望的情况下，因此与此同时我们无能为力，而必须保持被动。
Now we consider how we shall decide when the circumstances occur that will give us a free activity and choice.
现在我们考虑当情况发生时我们应该如何决定，这会给我们自由的活动和选择。
Generally the foresight of rational deliberation recommends one decision, while direct inclination leans rather to the other.
一般来说，理性深思熟虑的远见会推荐一个决定，而直接倾向则倾向于另一个决定。
So long as we are compelled to remain passive, the side of reason seems to wish to keep the upper hand; but we see beforehand how strongly the other side will influence us when the opportunity for action arises.
只要我们被迫保持被动，理性的一方似乎就想占据上风。但我们事先就会看到，当采取行动的机会出现时，对方对我们的影响有多大。
Till then we are eagerly concerned to place the motives on both sides in the clearest light, by calm meditation on the _pro et contra_, so that every motive may exert its full influence upon the will when the time arrives, and it may not be misled by a mistake on the part of the intellect to decide otherwise than it would have done if all the motives had their due influence upon it.
在那之前，我们热切地关注通过冷静地思考赞成与反对的方式，以最清晰的方式了解双方的动机，以便在时机到来时，每一个动机都可以充分影响意志，而不会被误导。如果所有的动机都对它产生应有的影响，那么理智就会做出错误的决定。
But this distinct unfolding of the motives on both sides is all that the intellect can do to assist the choice.
但双方动机的这种明显的展开是智力所能做的来帮助选择的。
It awaits the real decision just as passively and with the same intense curiosity as if it were that of a foreign will.
它像外国意志一样被动地、怀着同样强烈的好奇心等待着真正的决定。
Therefore from its point of view both decisions must seem to it equally possible; and this is just the illusion of the empirical freedom of the will.
因此，从它的角度来看，这两个决定似乎都是同样可能的。而这只是意志的经验自由的幻象。
Certainly the decision enters the sphere of the intellect altogether empirically, as the final conclusion of the matter; but yet it proceeded from the inner nature, the intelligible character, of the individual will in its conflict with given motives, and therefore with complete necessity.
当然，这个决定完全凭经验进入智力领域，作为事情的最终结论。但它却源自个人意志的内在本质，即可理解的特征，与特定的动机相冲突，因此具有完全的必然性。
The intellect can do nothing more than bring out clearly and fully the nature of the motives; it cannot determine the will itself; for the will is quite inaccessible to it, and, as we have seen, cannot be investigated.
智力所能做的就是清楚、充分地揭示动机的本质。它不能决定意志本身；因为意志是很难接近的，而且正如我们所见，意志是无法被研究的。
 If, under the same circumstances, a man could act now one way and now another, it would be necessary that his will itself should have changed in the meantime, and thus that it should lie in time, for change is only possible in time; but then either the will would be a mere phenomenon, or time would be a condition of the thing-in-itself.
如果在同样的情况下，一个人时而可以采取一种方式，时而采取另一种方式，那么他的意志本身就必须同时发生变化，因此它应该随时间而变化，因为变化只有在时间中才可能发生。但这样一来，要么意志只是一种现象，要么时间就是物自体的一个条件。
Accordingly the dispute as to the freedom of the particular action, the _liberum arbitrium indifferentiæ_, really turns on the question whether the will lies in time or not.
因此，关于特定行为的自由，即“无差异的自由任意性”的争论，实际上涉及到意志是否及时存在的问题。
If, as both Kant’s doctrine and the whole of my system necessitates, the will is the thing-in-itself outside time and outside every form of the principle of sufficient reason, not only must the individual act in the same way in the same circumstances, and not only must every bad action be the sure warrant of innumerable others, which the individual _must_ perform and _cannot_ leave, but, as Kant said, if only the empirical character and the motives were completely given, it would be possible to calculate the future conduct of a man just as we can calculate an eclipse of the sun or moon.
如果，正如康德的学说和我的整个体系所要求的那样，意志是时间之外、充足理由原则的每种形式之外的自在之物，那么个人不仅必须在相同的情况下以相同的方式行动，而且不仅每一个不良行为都必须是无数其他行为的必然保证，个人必须执行而不能离开，而且，正如康德所说，如果只完全给出经验特征和动机，就有可能计算出一个人未来的行为就像我们可以计算日食或月食一样。
As Nature is consistent, so is the character; every action must take place in accordance with it, just as every phenomenon takes place according to a law of Nature: the causes in the latter case and the motives in the former are merely the occasional causes, as was shown in the Second Book.
性情一致，性格亦然；每一个行动都必须按照它发生，就像每一个现象都根据自然法则发生一样：后一种情况的原因和前一种情况的动机只是偶然的原因，正如第二本书所示。
The will, whose phenomenon is the whole being and life of man, cannot deny itself in the particular case, and what the man wills on the whole, that will he also will in the particular case.
意志作为人的全部存在和生命的现象，在特定的情况下不能否认自己，而人总体上的意愿，他在特定的情况下也将如此。
 The assertion of an empirical freedom of the will, a _liberum arbitrium indifferentiæ_, agrees precisely with the doctrine that places the inner nature of man in a _soul_, which is originally a _knowing_, and indeed really an abstract _thinking_ nature, and only in consequence of this a _willing_ nature—a doctrine which thus regards the will as of a secondary or derivative nature, instead of knowledge which is really so.
意志的经验自由的主张，即“无差异的自由任意性”，与将人的内在本质置于“灵魂”中的学说完全一致，灵魂最初是一种“认知”，实际上实际上是一种抽象的“思考”本质，并且只是由于这是一种自愿的本性——这种学说因此将意志视为次要的或派生的本性，而不是真正如此的知识。
The will indeed came to be regarded as an act of thought, and to be identified with the judgment, especially by Descartes and Spinoza.
意志确实被视为一种思想行为，并与判断等同起来，尤其是笛卡尔和斯宾诺莎。
According to this doctrine every man must become what he is only through his knowledge; he must enter the world as a moral cipher come to know the things in it, and thereupon determine to be this or that, to act thus or thus, and may also through new knowledge achieve a new course of action, that is to say, become another person.
根据这一学说，每个人只能通过他的知识成为他现在的样子。他必须像道德密码一样进入这个世界，了解其中的事物，然后决定成为这个或那个，这样或那样地行动，并且还可以通过新的知识实现新的行动方针，也就是说，成为另一个人。
Further, he must first know a thing to be _good_, and in consequence of this will it, instead of first _willing_ it, and in consequence of this calling it _good_.
此外，他必须首先知道某件事是_好_的，并且因此会它，而不是首先_愿意_它，并且因此称它为_好_。
According to my fundamental point of view, all this is a reversal of the true relation.
根据我的基本观点，这一切都是对真实关系的颠倒。
Will is first and original; knowledge is merely added to it as an instrument belonging to the phenomenon of will.
意志是第一位的，也是原创的；知识只是作为属于意志现象的工具而被添加到其中。
Therefore every man is what he is through his will, and his character is original, for willing is the basis of his nature.
因此，每个人都是通过他的意志而成为他自己的，他的性格是原始的，因为意志是他本性的基础。
Through the knowledge which is added to it he comes to know in the course of experience _what he is_, _i.e._, he learns his character.
通过添加到其中的知识，他在经验过程中逐渐了解“他是什么”，即，他了解了他的性格。
Thus he _knows_ himself in consequence of and in accordance with the nature of his will, instead of _willing_ in consequence of and in accordance with his knowing.
因此，他根据他的意志的性质来认识自己，而不是根据他的认识来认识自己。
According to the latter view, he would only require to consider how he would like best to be, and he would be it; that is its doctrine of the freedom of the will.
根据后一种观点，他只需要考虑自己最想成为什么样的人，他就会成为那样的人；这就是其意志自由的学说。
Thus it consists really in this, that a man is his own work guided by the light of knowledge.
因此，真正的意义就在于，一个人是他自己的作品，受知识之光的引导。
I, on the contrary, say that he is his own work before all knowledge, and knowledge is merely added to it to enlighten it.
相反，我说，在一切知识之前，他是他自己的作品，而知识只是添加到它上面以启发它。
Therefore he cannot resolve to be this or that, nor can he become other than he is; but he _is_ once for all, and he knows in the course of experience _what_ he is.
因此，他不能决心成为这样或那样，也不能成为不同于现在的他。但他是一劳永逸的，而且他在经验的过程中知道他是什么。
According to one doctrine he _wills_ what he knows, and according to the other he _knows_ what he wills.
根据一种学说，他“愿意”他所知道的，而根据另一种学说，他“知道”他所愿意的。
 The Greeks called the character ηθος, and its expression, _i.e._, morals, ηθη.
希腊人称这个角色为 Εθος，其表达方式，即道德，为 Εθη。
But this word comes from εθος, custom; they chose it in order to express metaphorically the constancy of character through the constancy of custom.
但这个词来自ethos、custom？他们选择它是为了通过习俗的恒久来隐喻地表达性格的恒久。
Το γαρ ηθος απο του εθους εχει την επωνυμιαν.
gar ethos源于ethos而得名。
ηθικε γαρ καλειται δια το εθιζεσθαι (_a voce_ ηθος, _i.e._, _consuetudo_ ηθος _est appellatum: ethica ergo dicta est_ απο του εθιζεσθαι, _sivi ab assuescendo_) says Aristotle (Eth.
亚里士多德说，道德因为它被习惯化所称呼（_a voce_道德，_即_，_consuetudo_道德_est appellatum：ethica ergo dicta est_通过习惯，_sivi ab assuescendo_）。
Magna, i.
麦格纳岛
6, p.
6，p。
1186, and Eth.
第1186章
Eud., p.
欧盟，p。
1220, and Eth.
第1220章
Nic., p.
尼克，p。
1103, ed.
1103，编辑。
Ber.) Stobæus quotes: οἱ δε κατα Ζηνωνα τροπικως; ηθος εστι πηγη βιου αφ᾽ ἡς αἱ κατα μερος πραξεις ρεουσι (_Stoici autem, Zenonis castra sequentes, metaphorice ethos definiunt vitæ fontem, e quo singulæ manant actiones_), ii.
Ber.）Stobæus 引用：芝诺模态呢？精神是行动流动的生命之源（_Stoici autem，Zenoniscastra sequentes，隐喻精神定义vitæ fontem，e quo singulæ manant actions_），ii。
ch.
ch.
7
7
In Christian theology we find the dogma of predestination in consequence of election and non-election (Rom.
在基督教神学中，我们发现因拣选和非拣选而产生的预定论教义（罗马书 11:16）。
ix.
九.
11-24), clearly originating from the knowledge that man does not change himself, but his life and conduct, _i.e._, his empirical character, is only the unfolding of his intelligible character, the development of decided and unchangeable natural dispositions recognisable even in the child; therefore, as it were, even at his birth his conduct is firmly determined, and remains essentially the same to the end.
11-24），显然源于这样的认识：人不会改变自己，但他的生活和行为，即他的经验特征，只是他的可理解特征的展开，是决定性的和不可改变的自然倾向的发展即使在孩子身上也能被认出来；因此，可以说，即使在他出生时，他的行为就已经被坚定地决定了，并且到最后基本上保持不变。
This we entirely agree with; but certainly the consequences which followed from the union of this perfectly correct insight with the dogmas that already existed in Jewish theology, and which now gave rise to the great difficulty, the Gordian knot upon which most of the controversies of the Church turned, I do not undertake to defend, for even the Apostle Paul scarcely succeeded in doing so by means of his simile of the potter’s vessels which he invented for the purpose, for the result he finally arrived at was nothing else than this:—       “Let mankind     Fear the gods!     They hold the power     In everlasting hands:     And they can use it     As seems good to them.”   Such considerations, however, are really foreign to our subject.
我们完全同意这一点；但可以肯定的是，这种完全正确的见解与犹太神学中已经存在的教条相结合所产生的后果，现在引起了巨大的困难，教会的大多数争议都转向了这个棘手的结，我确实如此我们不打算为之辩护，因为即使是使徒保罗，也几乎没有成功地通过他为此目的而发明的陶工器皿的比喻来做到这一点，因为他最终得出的结果无非是这样的：“让人类害怕神！他们永远掌握着权力：他们可以按照他们认为好的方式使用它。”然而，这样的考虑对于我们的主题来说确实很陌生。
Some explanation as to the relation between the character and the knowledge in which all its motives lie, will now be more to the point.
关于性格和其所有动机所在的知识之间的关系的一些解释现在将更加切题。
 The motives which determine the manifestation of the character or conduct influence it through the medium of knowledge.
决定品格或行为表现的动机通过知识媒介对其产生影响。
But knowledge is changeable, and often vacillates between truth and error, yet, as a rule, is rectified more and more in the course of life, though certainly in very different degrees.
但知识是可变的，常常在真理与错误之间摇摆不定，但通常在生命过程中会越来越多地得到纠正，尽管程度肯定有很大不同。
Therefore the conduct of a man may be observably altered without justifying us in concluding that his character has been changed.
因此，一个人的行为可能会发生明显的改变，但我们却无法得出结论说他的性格已经改变。
What the man really and in general wills, the striving of his inmost nature, and the end he pursues in accordance with it, this we can never change by influence upon him from without by instruction, otherwise we could transform him.
人真正的普遍意愿，他内心深处的本性的努力，以及他据此追求的目标，我们永远无法通过外界的影响来改变他，否则我们可以改变他。
Seneca says admirably, _velle non discitur_; whereby he preferred truth to his Stoic philosophers, who taught διδακτην ειναι την αρετην (_doceri posse virtutem_).
塞内卡令人钦佩地说，_velle non discitur_；他比他的斯多葛派哲学家更喜欢真理，斯多葛派哲学家教导διδακτην ειναι την αρετην (_doceri posse virtutem_)。
From without the will can only be affected by motives.
没有意志只能受动机影响。
But these can never change the will itself; for they have power over it only under the presupposition that it is precisely such as it is.
但这些永远无法改变意志本身；因为只有在假定事物确实如此的前提下，他们才拥有对它的权力。
All that they can do is thus to alter the direction of its effort, _i.e._, bring it about that it shall seek in another way than it has hitherto done that which it invariably seeks.
因此，他们所能做的就是改变其努力的方向，也就是说，使其以另一种方式寻求，而不是迄今为止一直在寻求的方式。
Therefore instruction, improved knowledge, in other words, influence from without, may indeed teach the will that it erred in the means it employed, and can therefore bring it about that the end after which it strives once for all according to its inner nature shall be pursued on an entirely different path and in an entirely different object from what has hitherto been the case.
因此，指导、提高的知识，换句话说，来自外部的影响，确实可以教导意志，让其认识到它在所采用的手段中犯了错误，并因此可以实现它根据其内在本质而一劳永逸地奋斗的目标。与迄今为止的情况完全不同的道路和完全不同的目标。
But it can never bring about that the will shall will something actually different from what it has hitherto willed; this remains unchangeable, for the will is simply this willing itself, which would have to be abolished.
但它永远不会导致意志实际上会做出与迄今为止所愿的不同的事情。这仍然是不可改变的，因为意志就是这个意志本身，它必须被废除。
The former, however, the possible modification of knowledge, and through knowledge of conduct, extends so far that the will seeks to attain its unalterable end, for example, Mohammed’s paradise, at one time in the real world, at another time in a world of imagination, adapting the means to each, and thus in the first case applying prudence, might, and fraud, and in the second case, abstinence, justice, alms, and pilgrimages to Mecca.
然而，前者，知识的可能修改，并通过行为知识，延伸到了意志寻求达到其不可改变的目的的程度，例如，穆罕默德的天堂，有时在现实世界，有时在另一个世界。想象力，使手段适应每种情况，因此在第一种情况下应用谨慎，强力和欺诈，在第二种情况下，则应用禁欲，正义，施舍和麦加朝圣。
But its effort itself has not therefore changed, still less the will itself.
但它的努力本身并没有因此而改变，更不用说意志本身了。
Thus, although its action certainly shows itself very different at different times, its willing has yet remained precisely the same.
因此，尽管它的行动在不同时期表现得截然不同，但它的意愿却保持完全相同。
_Velle non discitur._  For motives to act, it is necessary not only that they should be present, but that they should be known; for, according to a very good expression of the schoolmen, which we referred to once before, _causa finalis movet non secundum suum esse reale; sed secundum esse cognitum_.
_Velle non discitur._ 对于行动的动机，不仅需要它们存在，而且还应该为人所知。因为，根据我们之前提到过的经院学者的一个非常好的表达，_causa Finalis movet non secundum suum esse reale； sed secundum esse cognitum_。
For example, in order that the relation may appear that exists in a given man between egoism and sympathy, it is not sufficient that he should possess wealth and see others in want, but he must also know what he can do with his wealth, both for himself and for others: not only must the suffering of others be presented to him, but he must know both what suffering and also what pleasure is.
例如，为了使某个人身上存在的利己主义和同情心之间的关系显现出来，他仅仅拥有财富并看到他人有需要是不够的，但他还必须知道他可以用他的财富做什么，两者兼而有之。为了自己，也为了他人：不仅要向他呈现别人的痛苦，而且他必须知道什么是痛苦，什么是快乐。
Perhaps, on a first occasion, he did not know all this so well as on a second; and if, on a similar occasion, he acts differently, this arises simply from the fact that the circumstances were really different, as regards the part of them that depends on his knowing them, although they seem to be the same.
或许，第一次他对这一切的了解不如第二次那么清楚。如果在类似的场合他的行为有所不同，这只是因为情况确实不同，而取决于他对这些情况的了解的部分，尽管它们看起来是相同的。
As ignorance of actually existing circumstances robs them of their influence, so, on the other hand, entirely imaginary circumstances may act as if they were real, not only in the case of a particular deception, but also in general and continuously.
由于对实际存在的情况的无知会剥夺它们的影响力，因此，另一方面，完全想象的情况可能会表现得好像它们是真实的一样，不仅在特定的欺骗情况下，而且在一般和持续的情况下也是如此。
For example, if a man is firmly persuaded that every good action will be repaid him a hundredfold in a future life, such a conviction affects him in precisely the same way as a good bill of exchange at a very long date, and he can give from mere egoism, as from another point of view he would take from egoism.
例如，如果一个人坚信每一个善行都会在来世得到百倍的回报，那么这种信念对他的影响就如同一张远期的良好汇票一样，他可以给他带来好处。纯粹是出于利己主义，正如他从利己主义的另一个角度来看一样。
He has not changed himself: _velle non discitur._ It is on account of this great influence of knowledge upon action, while the will remains unchangeable, that the character develops and its different features appear only little by little.
他没有改变自己：_velle non discitur._正是由于知识对行动的巨大影响，而意志却保持不变，性格才得以发展，其不同的特征只是一点一点地显现出来。
Therefore it shows itself different at every period of life, and an impetuous, wild youth may be succeeded by a staid, sober, manly age.
因此，在人生的每个阶段，它都会表现出不同的表现，一个浮躁、狂野的青年时代可能会被一个稳重、清醒、有男子气概的年龄所取代。
Especially what is bad in the character will always come out more strongly with time, yet sometimes it occurs that passions which a man gave way to in his youth are afterwards voluntarily restrained, simply because the motives opposed to them have only then come into knowledge.
尤其是性格中的坏处，总是会随着时间的推移而更加强烈地显现出来，但有时，一个人在年轻时所屈服的激情后来会自愿克制，仅仅是因为与这些激情相反的动机只有在那时才被认识。
Hence, also, we are all innocent to begin with, and this merely means that neither we nor others know the evil of our own nature; it only appears with the motives, and only in time do the motives appear in knowledge.
因此，我们本来都是无辜的，这仅仅意味着我们和其他人都不知道我们自己本性的邪恶；它只与动机一起出现，而动机只有随着时间的推移才会出现在知识中。
Finally we come to know ourselves as quite different from what _a priori_ we supposed ourselves to be, and then we are often terrified at ourselves.
最后，我们开始认识到自己与我们先验地想象的自己完全不同，然后我们常常对自己感到恐惧。
 Repentance never proceeds from a change of the will (which is impossible), but from a change of knowledge.
悔改从来不是来自意志的改变（这是不可能的），而是来自知识的改变。
The essential and peculiar in what I have always willed I must still continue to will; for I myself am this will which lies outside time and change.
我一直愿意做的事情中的本质和特殊之处，我仍然必须继续做下去；因为我自己就是这种存在于时间和变化之外的意志。
I can therefore never repent of what I have willed, though I can repent of what I have done; because, led by false conceptions, I did something that was not in conformity with my will.
因此，尽管我可以为我所做的事悔改，但我永远不能为我所愿意的事悔改。因为我在错误观念的引导下，做了一些不符合自己意愿的事情。
The discovery of this through fuller knowledge is _repentance_.
通过更全面的知识发现这一点就是_悔改_。
This extends not merely to worldly wisdom, to the choice of the means, and the judgment of the appropriateness of the end to my own will, but also to what is properly ethical.
这不仅涉及世俗的智慧、手段的选择以及对结果是否符合我自己的意愿的判断，而且还涉及什么是适当的道德。
For example, I may have acted more egotistically than is in accordance with my character, led astray by exaggerated ideas of the need in which I myself stood, or of the craft, falseness, and wickedness of others, or because I hurried too much, _i.e._, acted without deliberation, determined not by motives distinctly known _in abstracto_, but by merely perceived motives, by the present and the emotion which it excited, and which was so strong that I had not properly the use of my reason; but the return of reflection is thus here also merely corrected knowledge, and from this repentance may proceed, which always proclaims itself by making amends for the past, as far as is possible.
例如，我的行为可能比我的性格更加自负，因为夸大了我自己的需要，或者别人的技巧、虚假和邪恶，或者因为我太匆忙，而误入歧途， _即_，不经过深思熟虑就采取行动，不是由抽象地清楚知道的动机决定的，而是仅由感知到的动机决定，由当下及其所激发的情感决定，这种情感是如此强烈，以至于我没有正确地运用我的理性;但是，反思的回归在这里也仅仅是修正的知识，并且由此可以进行悔改，悔改总是通过尽可能地弥补过去来宣告自己。
Yet it must be observed that, in order to deceive themselves, men prearrange what seem to be hasty errors, but are really secretly considered actions.
但必须看到，人们为了欺骗自己，预先安排了看似仓促的错误，实则暗自考虑过的行为。
For we deceive and flatter no one through such fine devices as ourselves.
因为我们不会通过像我们这样精巧的手段来欺骗和奉承任何人。
The converse of the case we have given may also occur.
与我们给出的情况相反的情况也可能发生。
I may be misled by too good an opinion of others, or want of knowledge of the relative value of the good things of life, or some abstract dogma in which I have since lost faith, and thus I may act less egotistically than is in keeping with my character, and lay up for myself repentance of another kind.
我可能会被别人太好的看法所误导，或者缺乏对生活中美好事物的相对价值的了解，或者一些我已经失去信心的抽象教条，因此我的行为可能会比在遵守规则时更加自私。以我的性格，为自己积蓄另一种悔改。
Thus repentance is always corrected knowledge of the relation of an act to its special intention.
因此，悔改始终是对行为与其特殊意图之间关系的正确认识。
When the will reveals its Ideas in space alone, _i.e._, through mere form, the matter in which other Ideas—in this case natural forces—already reign, resists the will, and seldom allows the form that is striving after visibility to appear in perfect purity and distinctness, _i.e._, in perfect beauty.
当意志仅在空间中（即仅通过形式）揭示其理念时，其他理念（在这种情况下是自然力量）已经占主导地位的物质，会抵制意志，并且很少允许追求可见性的形式以完美的纯洁和独特的方式出现，即完美的美丽。
And there is an analogous hindrance to the will as it reveals itself in time alone, _i.e._, through actions, in the knowledge which seldom gives it the data quite correctly, so that the action which takes place does not accurately correspond to the will, and leads to repentance.
意志也有一个类似的障碍，因为它仅在时间中，即通过行动，在知识中揭示自己，而知识很少给它完全正确的数据，因此发生的行动不能准确地对应于意志，并导致悔改。
Repentance thus always proceeds from corrected knowledge, not from the change of the will, which is impossible.
因此，悔改总是来自正确的认识，而不是来自意志的改变，这是不可能的。
Anguish of conscience for past deeds is anything but repentance.
对过去行为的良心痛苦绝不是悔改。
It is pain at the knowledge of oneself in one’s inmost nature, _i.e._, as will.
这是对自己内心深处的认识（即意愿）的痛苦。
It rests precisely on the certainty that we have still the same will.
它恰恰取决于我们仍然具有相同意志的确定性。
If the will were changed, and therefore the anguish of conscience mere repentance, it would cease to exist.
如果意志改变了，良心的痛苦仅仅只是悔改，它就会不复存在。
The past could then no longer give us pain, for it exhibited the expressions of a will which is no longer that of him who has repented.
那么，过去就不再能给我们带来痛苦，因为它所表现出的意志不再是悔改之人的意志。
We shall explain the significance of anguish of conscience in detail farther on.
我们将进一步详细解释良心痛苦的意义。
 The influence which knowledge, as the medium of motives, exerts, not indeed upon the will itself, but upon its appearance in actions, is also the source of the principal distinction between the action of men and that of brutes, for their methods of knowledge are different.
知识作为动机的媒介，所施加的影响实际上不是对意志本身，而是对意志在行动中的表现，这也是人的行动与畜生的行动之间主要区别的根源，因为他们的知识方法是不同的。
The brute has only knowledge of perception, the man, through reason, has also abstract ideas, conceptions.
野兽只有知觉的知识，而人通过理性也有抽象的想法、概念。
Now, although man and brute are with equal necessity determined by their motives, yet man, as distinguished from the brute, has a complete _choice_, which has often been regarded as a freedom of the will in particular actions, although it is nothing but the possibility of a thoroughly-fought-out battle between several motives, the strongest of which then determines it with necessity.
现在，虽然人与畜生同样必然由其动机所决定，但人与畜生不同，具有完全的选择权，这种选择权常常被认为是特定行动中的意志自由，尽管它只不过是意志的自由。几种动机之间可能会发生一场彻底的斗争，其中最强烈的动机必然会决定它。
For this the motives must have assumed the form of abstract thoughts, because it is really only by means of these that deliberation, _i.e._, a weighing of opposite reasons for action, is possible.
为此，动机必须采取抽象思想的形式，因为实际上只有通过这些思想，深思熟虑，即权衡行动的相反原因，才有可能。
In the case of the brute there can only be a choice between perceptible motives presented to it, so that the choice is limited to the narrow sphere of its present sensuous perception.
就野兽而言，只能在呈现给它的可感知动机之间进行选择，因此这种选择仅限于其当前感性知觉的狭窄范围。
Therefore the necessity of the determination of the will by the motive, which is like that of the effect by the cause, can be exhibited perceptibly and directly only in the case of the brutes, because here the spectator has the motives just as directly before his eyes as their effect; while in the case of man the motives are almost always abstract ideas, which are not communicated to the spectator, and even for the actor himself the necessity of their effect is hidden behind their conflict.
因此，动机决定意志的必要性，就像原因决定结果的必要性一样，只有在畜生身上才能明显地、直接地表现出来，因为在这里，旁观者有动机，就像直接在他的行为之前一样。眼睛作为其效果；而就人而言，动机几乎总是抽象的观念，无法传达给观众，甚至对于演员本人来说，其效果的必要性也隐藏在冲突背后。
For only _in abstracto_ can several ideas, as judgments and chains of conclusions, lie beside each other in consciousness, and then, free from all determination of time, work against each other till the stronger overcomes the rest and determines the will.
因为只有在抽象意义上，几种观念，作为判断和结论链，才能在意识中彼此并存，然后不受时间的所有决定，相互对抗，直到更强者战胜其余者并决定意志。
This is the complete _choice_ or power of deliberation which man has as distinguished from the brutes, and on account of which freedom of the will has been attributed to him, in the belief that his willing is a mere result of the operations of his intellect, without a definite tendency which serves as its basis; while, in truth, the motives only work on the foundation and under the presupposition of his definite tendency, which in his case is individual, _i.e._, a character.
这是人区别于畜生的完全选择或深思熟虑的能力，因此人被赋予了意志自由，相信他的意志只是他智力运作的结果，没有一定的趋势作为其基础；然而，事实上，动机只是在他的明确倾向的基础和预设下起作用，就他而言，这种倾向是个人的，即性格。
A fuller exposition of this power of deliberation, and the difference between human and brute choice which is introduced by it, will be found in the “Two Fundamental Problems of Ethics” (1st edition, p.
对这种深思熟虑的力量以及由此引入的人类选择和残酷选择之间的区别的更全面的阐述，可以在“道德的两个基本问题”（第一版，第 14 页）中找到。
35, _et seq._; 2d edition, p.
35、_et seq._；第 2 版，第 14 页。
34, _et seq._), to which I therefore refer.
34，_et seq._），因此我参考了它。
For the rest, this power of deliberation which man possesses is one of those things that makes his existence so much more miserable than that of the brute.
对于其他人来说，人所拥有的深思熟虑的能力是使人的生存比畜生更加悲惨的原因之一。
For in general our greatest sufferings do not lie in the present as ideas of perception or as immediate feelings; but in the reason, as abstract conceptions, painful thoughts, from which the brute, which lives only in the present, and therefore in enviable carelessness, is entirely free.
因为一般来说，我们最大的痛苦并不在于当下的感知观念或直接感受；而是在于当下。但在理性中，作为抽象的概念、痛苦的思想，那些只生活在当下、因而处于令人羡慕的粗心大意中的畜生却完全摆脱了理性。
 It seems to have been the dependence, which we have shown, of the human power of deliberation upon the faculty of abstract thinking, and thus also of judging and drawing conclusions also, that led both Descartes and Spinoza to identify the decisions of the will with the faculty of asserting and denying (the faculty of judgment).
我们已经表明，人类深思熟虑的能力似乎依赖于抽象思维的能力，因此判断和得出结论的能力也依赖于人类的能力，这使得笛卡尔和斯宾诺莎将意志的决定与意志的决定等同起来。断言和否定的能力（判断能力）。
From this Descartes deduced the doctrine that the will, which, according to him, is indifferently free, is the source of sin, and also of all theoretical error.
笛卡尔由此推导出这样的学说：在他看来，意志是毫无区别的自由，是罪恶的根源，也是所有理论错误的根源。
And Spinoza, on the other hand, concluded that the will is necessarily determined by the motives, as the judgment is by the reasons.(70) The latter doctrine is in a sense true, but it appears as a true conclusion from false premises.
另一方面，斯宾诺莎得出的结论是，意志必然由动机决定，正如判断由理由决定一样。(70) 后一种学说在某种意义上是正确的，但它看起来像是从错误前提得出的真实结论。
 The distinction we have established between the ways in which the brutes and man are respectively moved by motives exerts a very wide influence upon the nature of both, and has most to do with the complete and obvious differences of their existence.
我们在动物和人受动机驱动的方式之间所建立的区别对两者的本质产生了非常广泛的影响，并且与它们存在的完全和明显的差异密切相关。
While an idea of perception is in every case the motive which determines the brute, the man strives to exclude this kind of motivation altogether, and to determine himself entirely by abstract ideas.
虽然知觉观念在任何情况下都是决定畜生的动机，但人却努力完全排除这种动机，并完全通过抽象观念来决定自己。
Thus he uses his prerogative of reason to the greatest possible advantage.
因此，他利用自己的理性特权来获得最大可能的优势。
Independent of the present, he neither chooses nor avoids the passing pleasure or pain, but reflects on the consequences of both.
独立于当下，他既不选择也不回避短暂的快乐或痛苦，而是反思两者的后果。
In most cases, setting aside quite insignificant actions, we are determined by abstract, thought motives, not present impressions.
在大多数情况下，抛开无关紧要的行为，我们是由抽象的思维动机而不是当前的印象决定的。
Therefore all particular privation for the moment is for us comparatively light, but all renunciation is terribly hard; for the former only concerns the fleeting present, but the latter concerns the future, and includes in itself innumerable privations, of which it is the equivalent.
因此，目前所有的特殊匮乏对我们来说都比较轻松，但所有的放弃却是非常困难的。因为前者只涉及转瞬即逝的现在，而后者则涉及未来，并且本身就包含着无数的匮乏，而后者则是与之等价的。
The causes of our pain, as of our pleasure, lie for the most part, not in the real present, but merely in abstract thoughts.
我们痛苦的原因，就像我们快乐的原因一样，大部分不在于真实的当下，而仅仅在于抽象的思想。
It is these which are often unbearable to us—inflict torments in comparison with which all the sufferings of the animal world are very small; for even our own physical pain is not felt at all when they are present.
这些往往是我们难以忍受的——与动物世界的所有痛苦相比，它们所造成的折磨都是微不足道的；因为当它们存在时，甚至我们自己的身体疼痛也根本感觉不到。
Indeed, in the case of keen mental suffering, we even inflict physical suffering on ourselves merely to distract our attention from the former to the latter.
事实上，在严重的精神痛苦的情况下，我们甚至给自己带来身体上的痛苦，只是为了将我们的注意力从前者转移到后者。
This is why, in great mental anguish, men tear their hair, beat their breasts, lacerate their faces, or roll on the floor, for all these are in reality only violent means of diverting the mind from an unbearable thought.
这就是为什么，在巨大的精神痛苦中，人们会撕扯头发、捶打胸部、撕破脸、或在地板上打滚，因为所有这些实际上都只是转移注意力以摆脱难以忍受的想法的暴力手段。
Just because mental pain, being much greater, makes us insensible to physical pain, suicide is very easy to the person who is in despair, or who is consumed by morbid depression, even though formerly, in comfortable circumstances, he recoiled at the thought of it.
正是因为精神上的痛苦更大，使我们对身体上的痛苦麻木不仁，所以对于处于绝望之中或患有病态抑郁症的人来说，自杀是很容易的，尽管以前在舒适的环境中，他一想到自杀就会退缩。它。
In the same way care and passion (thus the play of thought) wear out the body oftener and more than physical hardships.
同样地，关心和热情（因此是思想的发挥）比身体上的困难更容易使身体疲惫不堪。
And in accordance with this Epictetus rightly says: Ταρασσει τους ανθρωπους ου τα πραγματα, αλλα τα περι των πραγματων δογματα (_Perturbant homines non res ipsæ, sed de rebus decreta_) (V.); and Seneca: _Plura sunt quæ nos terrent, quam quæ premunt, et sæpius opinione quam re laboramus_ (Ep.
根据这一点，爱比克泰德正确地说： Ταρασσει τους ανθρωπους ου τα πραγματα, αλλα τα περι των πραγματων δογματα (_Perturbant homines non res ipsæ, sed de rebus decreta_) (V.);和塞内卡：_Plura sunt quæ nos terrent, quam quæ premunt, et sæpius Opinione quam re Laboramus_（Ep.
5).
5）。
Eulenspiegel also admirably bantered human nature, for going uphill he laughed, and going downhill he wept.
尤伦斯皮格尔还令人钦佩地嘲笑人性，上坡时他笑，下坡时他哭。
Indeed, children who have hurt themselves often cry, not at the pain, but at the thought of the pain which is awakened when some one condoles with them.
事实上，受伤的孩子经常哭泣，不是因为疼痛，而是因为想到有人安慰他们时所引起的痛苦。
Such great differences in conduct and in life arise from the diversity between the methods of knowledge of the brutes and man.
行为和生活上如此巨大的差异源于畜生和人类的知识方法的差异。
Further, the appearance of the distinct and decided individual character, the principal distinction between man and the brute, which has scarcely more than the character of the species, is conditioned by the choice between several motives, which is only possible through abstract conceptions.
此外，鲜明而明确的个性的出现，即人与畜生之间的主要区别，几乎不超过物种的特征，是由几种动机之间的选择所决定的，而这只有通过抽象概念才可能实现。
For only after a choice has been made are the resolutions, which vary in different individuals, an indication of the individual character which is different in each; while the action of the brute depends only upon the presence or absence of the impression, supposing this impression to be in general a motive for its species.
因为只有做出选择之后，每个人的决定才会有所不同，这表明每个人的性格都有所不同。而野兽的行为仅取决于印象的存在或不存在，假设这种印象通常是其物种的动机。
And, finally, in the case of man, only the resolve, and not the mere wish, is a valid indication of his character both for himself and for others; but the resolve becomes for himself, as for others, a certain fact only through the deed.
最后，就人而言，只有决心，而不仅仅是愿望，才能有效地表明他的性格，无论是对他自己还是对他人来说。但只有通过行动，这个决心对于他自己和其他人来说才成为一个确定的事实。
The wish is merely the necessary consequence of the present impression, whether of the outward stimulus, or the inward passing mood; and is therefore as immediately necessary and devoid of consideration as the action of the brutes.
愿望只是当前印象的必然结果，无论是外在的刺激，还是内心的情绪。因此，它就像畜生的行动一样，是立即必要的，但却没有得到考虑。
Therefore, like the action of the brutes, it merely expresses the character of the species, not that of the individual, _i.e._, it indicates merely what _man in general_, not what the individual who experiences the wish, is capable of doing.
因此，就像野兽的行为一样，它仅仅表达了物种的特征，而不是个人的特征，也就是说，它仅仅表明了“一般人”的能力，而不是体验到愿望的个人的能力。正在做。
The deed alone,—because as human action it always requires a certain deliberation, and because as a rule a man has command of his reason, is considerate, _i.e._, decides in accordance with considered and abstract motives,—is the expression of the intelligible maxims of his conduct, the result of his inmost willing, and is related as a letter to the word that stands for his empirical character, itself merely the temporal expression of his intelligible character.
行为本身——因为作为人类行为，它总是需要一定的深思熟虑，而且因为通常一个人可以控制自己的理性，所以是深思熟虑的，也就是说，根据深思熟虑和抽象的动机做出决定——是他的行为的可理解的准则的表达，他内心深处意愿的结果，并且作为一个字母与代表他的经验特征的词相关，而该词本身仅仅是他的可理解的特征的时间表达。
In a healthy mind, therefore, only deeds oppress the conscience, not wishes and thoughts; for it is only our deeds that hold up to us the mirror of our will.
因此，在健康的心灵中，只有行为会压迫良心，而不是愿望和思想；因为只有我们的行为才能反映我们的意志。
The deed referred to above, that is entirely unconsidered and is really committed in blind passion, is to a certain extent an intermediate thing between the mere wish and the resolve.
上述行为完全是未经考虑的，实际上是出于盲目的激情而做出的，在某种程度上是介于单纯的愿望和决心之间的事情。
 Therefore, by true repentance, which, however, shows itself as action also, it can be obliterated, as a falsely drawn line, from that picture of our will which our course of life is.
因此，通过真正的悔改，然而，真正的悔改本身也表现为行动，它可以像一条错误地画出的线一样，从我们的意志图景（我们的生活进程）中抹去。
I may insert the remark here, as a very good comparison, that the relation between wish and deed has a purely accidental but accurate analogy with that between the accumulation and discharge of electricity.
我可以在这里插入一句话，作为一个很好的比较，即愿望与行为之间的关系与电的积累和放电之间的关系有一个纯粹偶然但准确的类比。
 As the result of the whole of this discussion of the freedom of the will and what relates to it, we find that although the will may, in itself and apart from the phenomenon, be called free and even omnipotent, yet in its particular phenomena enlightened by knowledge, as in men and brutes, it is determined by motives to which the special character regularly and necessarily responds, and always in the same way.
作为对意志自由及其相关内容的整个讨论的结果，我们发现，尽管意志本身并且脱离了现象，可以被称为自由甚至全能，但在其特定的现象中，意志是开明的。知识，就像人类和野兽一样，是由特殊性格经常且必然做出反应的动机决定的，而且总是以同样的方式。
We see that because of the possession on his part of abstract or rational knowledge, man, as distinguished from the brutes, has a _choice_, which only makes him the scene of the conflict of his motives, without withdrawing him from their control.
我们看到，由于人拥有抽象的或理性的知识，与畜生不同，人有一种选择，这只会使他成为他的动机冲突的场景，而不会使他脱离动机的控制。
This choice is therefore certainly the condition of the possibility of the complete expression of the individual character, but is by no means to be regarded as freedom of the particular volition, _i.e._, independence of the law of causality, the necessity of which extends to man as to every other phenomenon.
因此，这种选择当然是个性完整表达的可能性的条件，但决不能被视为特定意志的自由，即因果律的独立性、它延伸到人类以及所有其他现象。
Thus the difference between human volition and that of the brutes, which is introduced by reason or knowledge through concepts, extends to the point we have indicated, and no farther.
因此，人类意志与动物意志之间的区别，是由理性或知识通过概念引入的，延伸到我们已经指出的这一点，仅此而已。
But, what is quite a different thing, there may arise a phenomenon of the human will which is quite impossible in the brute creation, if man altogether lays aside the knowledge of particular things as such which is subordinate to the principle of sufficient reason, and by means of his knowledge of the Ideas sees through the _principium individuationis_.
但是，完全不同的事情是，如果人类完全放弃对特定事物本身的知识（这种知识从属于充足理由原则），那么可能会出现一种人类意志的现象，这在野蛮的创造中是完全不可能的。凭借他对理念的了解，他看透了_principium individuationis_。
Then an actual appearance of the real freedom of the will as a thing-in-itself is possible, by which the phenomenon comes into a sort of contradiction with itself, as is indicated by the word self-renunciation; and, finally, the “in-itself” of its nature suppresses itself.
然后，真正的意志自由作为自在之物的实际出现是可能的，通过这种现象，这种现象与自身产生了某种矛盾，正如“自我放弃”一词所表明的那样。最后，其本性的“自在”抑制了自身。
But this, the one, real, and direct expression of the freedom of the will in itself in the phenomenon, cannot be distinctly explained here, but will form the subject of the concluding part of our work.
但是，现象中意志自由本身的唯一、真实和直接的表达，不能在这里明确解释，但将构成我们工作结束部分的主题。
 Now that we have shown clearly in these pages the unalterable nature of the empirical character, which is just the unfolding of the intelligible character that lies outside time, together with the necessity with which actions follow upon its contact with motives, we hasten to anticipate an argument which may very easily be drawn from this in the interest of bad dispositions.
既然我们已经在这几页中清楚地表明了经验特征的不可改变的本质，即存在于时间之外的可理解特征的展开，以及行动遵循其与动机的接触的必然性，我们赶紧预见到出于不良倾向的利益，很容易从中得出论据。
Our character is to be regarded as the temporal unfolding of an extra-temporal, and therefore indivisible and unalterable, act of will, or an intelligible character.
我们的性格应被视为一种超时间的、因此不可分割且不可改变的意志行为或可理解的性格的时间展开。
This necessarily determines all that is essential in our conduct in life, _i.e._, its ethical content, which must express itself in accordance with it in its phenomenal appearance, the empirical character; while only what is unessential in this, the outward form of our course of life, depends upon the forms in which the motives present themselves.
这必然决定了我们生活中行为的所有本质内容，即它的伦理内容，它必须根据它的现象表现、经验特征来表达自己；然而，只有那些无关紧要的东西，即我们生活方式的外在形式，才取决于动机本身的表现形式。
It might, therefore, be inferred that it is a waste of trouble to endeavour to improve one’s character, and that it is wiser to submit to the inevitable, and gratify every inclination at once, even if it is bad.
因此，我们可以推断，努力提高一个人的品格是浪费精力，更明智的做法是顺服不可避免的事情，立即满足每一种倾向，即使它是坏的。
But this is precisely the same thing as the theory of an inevitable fate which is called αργος λογος, and in more recent times Turkish faith.
但这与被称为αργος λογος 的不可避免的命运理论以及近代的土耳其信仰完全相同。
Its true refutation, as it is supposed to have been given by Chrysippus, is explained by Cicero in his book _De Fato_, ch.
西塞罗在他的《De Fato》一书中解释了它的真正反驳，据认为是由克里西波斯提出的。
12, 13.
12、13。
 Though everything may be regarded as irrevocably predetermined by fate, yet it is so only through the medium of the chain of causes; therefore in no case can it be determined that an effect shall appear without its cause.
虽然一切都可以被认为是命中注定的，但这只是通过因果链的媒介；因此，在任何情况下都不能确定没有原因就出现结果。
Thus it is not simply the event that is predetermined, but the event as the consequence of preceding causes; so that fate does not decide the consequence alone, but also the means as the consequence of which it is destined to appear.
因此，事件不仅仅是预先确定的，而且是作为先前原因的结果的事件。因此，命运不仅决定结果，还决定结果注定出现的方式。
Accordingly, if some means is not present, it is certain that the consequence also will not be present: each is always present in accordance with the determination of fate, but this is never known to us till afterwards.
因此，如果某种手段不存在，那么结果肯定也不会存在：每一种手段总是按照命运的决定而存在，但这一点我们直到事后才知道。
 As events always take place according to fate, _i.e._, according to the infinite concatenation of causes, so our actions always take place according to our intelligible character.
由于事件总是根据命运发生，即根据原因的无限串联，所以我们的行为总是根据我们的可理解的性格发生。
But just as we do not know the former beforehand, so no _a priori_ insight is given us into the latter, but we only come to know ourselves as we come to know other persons _a posteriori_ through experience.
但正如我们事先并不了解前者一样，我们也无法对后者有任何先验的洞察力，但只有当我们通过经验事后了解他人时，我们才能了解自己。
If the intelligible character involved that we could only form a good resolution after a long conflict with a bad disposition, this conflict would have to come first and be waited for.
如果可以理解的特征是，我们只有在与不良性格发生长期冲突后才能形成良好的解决方案，那么这种冲突就必须首先出现并等待。
Reflection on the unalterable nature of the character, on the unity of the source from which all our actions flow, must not mislead us into claiming the decision of the character in favour of one side or the other; it is in the resolve that follows that we shall see what manner of men we are, and mirror ourselves in our actions.
对性格的不可改变的本质的反思，对我们所有行为的源头的统一性的思考，绝不能误导我们声称性格的决定有利于某一方或另一方;正是在随后的决心中，我们将看到我们是什么样的人，并在我们的行动中反映出我们自己。
This is the explanation of the satisfaction or the anguish of soul with which we look back on the course of our past life.
这就是我们回顾过去的人生历程时内心的满足或痛苦的解释。
Both are experienced, not because these past deeds have still an existence; they are past, they have been, and now are no more; but their great importance for us lies in their significance, lies in the fact that these deeds are the expression of the character, the mirror of the will, in which we look and recognise our inmost self, the kernel of our will.
两者都是有经验的，并不是因为这些过去的行为仍然存在；而是因为这些过去的行为仍然存在。它们过去了，曾经存在过，现在不再存在了；但它们对我们的重要性在于它们的意义，在于这些行为是品格的表达，是意志的镜子，在其中我们看到并认识到我们内心深处的自我，我们意志的核心。
Because we experience this not before, but only after, it behoves us to strive and fight in time, in order that the picture we produce by our deeds may be such that the contemplation of it may calm us as much as possible, instead of harassing us.
因为我们不是在之前而是在之后才经历过这种情况，所以我们应该及时努力和奋斗，以便我们通过我们的行为所产生的画面可以使我们在思考它时尽可能地平静，而不是骚扰我们。我们。
The significance of this consolation or anguish of soul will, as we have said, be inquired into farther on; but to this place there belongs the inquiry which follows, and which stands by itself.
正如我们已经说过的，我们将进一步探讨这种心灵安慰或痛苦的意义。但接下来的探究就属于这个地方，而且它本身就是独立的。
 Besides the intelligible and the empirical character, we must mention a third which is different from them both, the _acquired character_, which one only receives in life through contact with the world, and which is referred to when one is praised as a man of character or censured as being without character.
除了可理解的性格和经验的性格之外，我们还必须提到第三种与这两者都不同的性格，即“后天的性格”，一个人只能在生活中通过与世界的接触而获得这种性格，当一个人被称赞为有性格的人时，就会提到这种性格。或被指责没有品格。
Certainly one might suppose that, since the empirical character, as the phenomenon of the intelligible, is unalterable, and, like every natural phenomenon, is consistent with itself, man would always have to appear like himself and consistent, and would therefore have no need to acquire a character artificially by experience and reflection.
当然，人们可能会认为，由于经验特征作为可理解的现象是不可改变的，并且像每一种自然现象一样，与自身是一致的，所以人总是必须表现得像他自己并且是一致的，因此不需要通过经验和反思人为地获得性格。
But the case is otherwise, and although a man is always the same, yet he does not always understand himself, but often mistakes himself, till he has in some degree acquired real self-knowledge.
但情况却不然，虽然一个人总是一样的，但他并不总是了解自己，而是经常错误地认识自己，直到他在某种程度上获得了真正的自我认识。
The empirical character, as a mere natural tendency, is in itself irrational; nay, more, its expressions are disturbed by reason, all the more so the more intellect and power of thought the man has; for these always keep before him what becomes _man in general_ as the character of the species, and what is possible for him both in will and in deed.
经验特征作为一种纯粹的自然倾向，本身就是非理性的。不仅如此，它的表达方式还受到理性的干扰，一个人的智力和思想能力越强，这种情况就更是如此。因为这些总是让他面前的事物成为“一般人”的物种特征，以及他在意志和行为上的可能性。
This makes it the more difficult for him to see how much his individuality enables him to will and to accomplish.
这使得他更难看到他的个性能够让他意志和成就有多大。
He finds in himself the germs of all the various human pursuits and powers, but the difference of degree in which they exist in his individuality is not clear to him in the absence of experience; and if he now applies himself to the pursuits which alone correspond to his character, he yet feels, especially at particular moments and in particular moods, the inclination to directly opposite pursuits which cannot be combined with them, but must be entirely suppressed if he desires to follow the former undisturbed.
他在自己身上发现了人类各种追求和力量的根源，但由于缺乏经验，他并不清楚这些追求和力量在他的个性中存在的程度差异。如果他现在致力于只符合他的性格的追求，他仍然会感到，特别是在特定的时刻和特定的情绪下，倾向于直接相反的追求，这些追求不能与这些追求结合起来，但如果他愿意，就必须完全压制跟随前者不受干扰。
For as our physical path upon earth is always merely a line, not an extended surface, so in life, if we desire to grasp and possess one thing, we must renounce and leave innumerable others on the right hand and on the left.
因为我们在地球上的物理路径永远只是一条线，而不是一个延伸的面，所以在生活中，如果我们想抓住并拥有一件东西，我们就必须放弃并在左右留下无数其他东西。
If we cannot make up our minds to this, but, like children at the fair, snatch at everything that attracts us in passing, we are making the perverse endeavour to change the line of our path into an extended surface; we run in a zigzag, skip about like a will o’ the wisp, and attain to nothing.
如果我们不能下定决心这样做，而是像集市上的孩子一样，顺手抓住一切吸引我们的东西，那么我们就是在做出不正当的努力，试图将我们的路径变成一个延伸的表面；我们曲折地奔跑，像鬼火一样跳跃，却一无所获。
Or, to use another comparison, as, according to Hobbes’ philosophy of law, every one has an original right to everything but an exclusive right to nothing, yet can obtain an exclusive right to particular things by renouncing his right to all the rest, while others, on their part, do likewise with regard to what he has chosen; so is it in life, in which some definite pursuit, whether it be pleasure, honour, wealth, science, art, or virtue, can only be followed with seriousness and success when all claims that are foreign to it are given up, when everything else is renounced.
或者，用另一种比较来说，根据霍布斯的法哲学，每个人都对一切事物都拥有原始权利，但对任何事物都没有排他性权利，但又可以通过放弃对其他一切的权利来获得对特定事物的排他性权利，而其他人则按照他的选择做同样的事情。生活也是如此，在某些特定的追求中，无论是快乐、荣誉、财富、科学、艺术还是美德，只有在放弃所有与之无关的要求、放弃一切时，才能认真地追求并取得成功。否则被放弃。
Accordingly, the mere will and the mere ability are not sufficient, but a man must also _know_ what he wills, and _know_ what he can do; only then will he show character, and only then can he accomplish something right.
因此，光有意志和能力是不够的，人还必须知道自己愿意什么，知道自己能做什么；只有这样，他才能表现出品格，才能做出正确的事情。
Until he attains to that, notwithstanding the natural consistency of the empirical character, he is without character.
在他达到这一点之前，尽管经验性格具有自然的一致性，但他还是没有性格。
And although, on the whole, he must remain true to himself, and fulfil his course, led by his dæmon, yet his path will not be a straight line, but wavering and uneven.
虽然，总的来说，他必须忠于自己，并在他的精灵的带领下完成他的路线，但他的道路不会是一条直线，而是摇摆不定和不平坦的。
He will hesitate, deviate, turn back, lay up for himself repentance and pain.
他会犹豫、偏离、回头，为自己积攒悔恨和痛苦。
And all this is because, in great and small, he sees before him all that is possible and attainable for man in general, but does not know what part of all this is alone suitable for him, can be accomplished by him, and is alone enjoyable by him.
这一切都是因为，无论大小，他都看到了一般人可能实现的一切，但不知道这一切中的哪一部分是单独适合他的，可以由他完成的，并且是单独的。被他享受。
He will, therefore, envy many men on account of a position and circumstances which are yet only suitable to their characters and not to his, and in which he would feel unhappy, if indeed he found them endurable at all.
因此，他会嫉妒许多人，因为他们的地位和环境只适合他们的性格，而不适合他，如果他确实发现这些地位和环境完全可以忍受的话，他会感到不高兴。
For as a fish is only at home in water, a bird in the air, a mole in the earth, so every man is only at home in the atmosphere suitable to him.
正如鱼只在水里、鸟在空中、鼹鼠在地上一样，每个人也只有在适合他的气氛中才能安家。
For example, not all men can breathe the air of court life.
例如，并非所有男人都能呼吸宫廷生活的空气。
From deficiency of proper insight into all this, many a man will make all kinds of abortive attempts, will do violence to his character in particulars, and yet, on the whole, will have to yield to it again; and what he thus painfully attains will give him no pleasure; what he thus learns will remain dead; even in an ethical regard, a deed that is too noble for his character, that has not sprung from pure, direct impulse, but from a concept, a dogma, will lose all merit, even in his own eyes, through subsequent egoistical repentance.
由于缺乏对这一切的正确洞察力，许多人会做出各种失败的尝试，在某些细节上对自己的性格施加暴力，但总的来说，又不得不再次屈服；他如此痛苦地获得的东西不会给他带来快乐；他由此学到的东西将永远死掉；即使在道德方面，如果一个行为对于他的品格来说太高尚，不是出于纯粹、直接的冲动，而是出于一种观念、一种教条，那么即使在他自己看来，由于随后的自私悔改，也会失去所有优点。
_Velle non discitur._ We only become conscious of the inflexibility of another person’s character through experience, and till then we childishly believe that it is possible, by means of rational ideas, by prayers and entreaties, by example and noble-mindedness, ever to persuade any one to leave his own way, to change his course of conduct, to depart from his mode of thinking, or even to extend his capacities: so is it also with ourselves.
_Velle non discitur._ 我们只有通过经验才能意识到另一个人性格的顽固性，直到那时我们才幼稚地相信，通过理性的想法、通过祈祷和恳求、通过榜样和高尚的思想，我们永远可以做到这一点。说服任何人离开他自己的道路，改变他的行为方针，离开他的思维模式，甚至扩展他的能力：我们自己也是如此。
We must first learn from experience what we desire and what we can do.
我们必须首先从经验中学习我们想要什么以及我们能做什么。
Till then we know it not, we are without character, and must often be driven back to our own way by hard blows from without.
直到那时我们才意识到，我们没有个性，常常会被外界的猛烈打击逼回到自己的道路上。
But if we have finally learnt it, then we have attained to what in the world is called character, the _acquired character_.
但如果我们最终学会了它，那么我们就达到了世界上所谓的性格，即“后天的性格”。
This is accordingly nothing but the most perfect knowledge possible of our own individuality.
因此，这只不过是对我们自身个性的最完美的了解。
It is the abstract, and consequently distinct, knowledge of the unalterable qualities of our own empirical character, and of the measure and direction of our mental and physical powers, and thus of the whole strength and weakness of our own individuality.
它是关于我们自己的经验特征的不可改变的品质、我们的精神和体力的衡量和方向的抽象的、因而是独特的知识，从而是关于我们自己个性的整体强弱的知识。
This places us in a position to carry out deliberately and methodically the rôle which belongs to our own person, and to fill up the gaps which caprices or weaknesses produce in it, under the guidance of fixed conceptions.
这使我们能够在固定观念的指导下，有意识地、有条不紊地履行属于我们自己的角色，并填补因反复无常或弱点而产生的空白。
This rôle is in itself unchangeably determined once for all, but hitherto we have allowed it to follow its natural course without any rule.
这个角色本身是一劳永逸、不可改变的，但迄今为止，我们已经让它遵循其自然进程，没有任何规则。
We have now brought to distinct conscious maxims which are always present to us the form of conduct which is necessarily determined by our own individual nature, and now we conduct it in accordance with them as deliberately as if we had learned it; without ever falling into error through the passing influence of the mood or the impression of the present, without being checked by the bitterness or sweetness of some particular thing we meet with on our path, without delay, without hesitation, without inconsistency.
我们现在已经形成了明确的有意识的格言，这些格言总是呈现在我们的行为形式上，而这些行为形式必然是由我们自己的个人本性决定的，现在我们按照这些格言来行事，就像我们已经学会了一样。永远不会因为情绪或当前印象的短暂影响而陷入错误，不会被我们在道路上遇到的某些特定事物的苦涩或甜蜜所制约，毫不拖延，毫不犹豫，毫不前后矛盾。
We shall now no longer, as novices, wait, attempt, and grope about in order to see what we really desire and are able to do, but we know this once for all, and in every choice we have only to apply general principles to particular cases, and arrive at once at a decision.
我们现在将不再像新手一样等待、尝试和摸索，以了解我们真正渴望和能够做什么，但我们一劳永逸地知道这一点，并且在每一个选择中我们只需应用一般原则即可具体情况，立即作出决定。
We know our will in general, and do not allow ourselves to be led by the passing mood or by solicitations from without to resolve in particular cases what is contrary to it as a whole.
我们总体上了解自己的意志，不允许自己被一时的情绪或外部的诱惑所引导，在特定情况下解决与整体意志相反的问题。
We know in the same way the nature and the measure of our strength and our weakness, and thereby are spared much suffering.
我们以同样的方式知道我们的力量和弱点的性质和程度，从而避免很多痛苦。
For we experience no real pleasure except in the use and feeling of our own powers, and the greatest pain is the conscious deficiency of our powers where we need them.
因为除了使用和感受我们自己的力量之外，我们无法体验到真正的快乐，而最大的痛苦是在我们需要的地方有意识地缺乏我们的力量。
If, now, we have discovered where our strength and our weakness lie, we will endeavour to cultivate, employ, and in every way make use of those talents which are naturally prominent in us.
现在，如果我们发现了自己的长处和短处，我们就会努力培养、运用并以各种方式利用我们天生突出的才能。
We will always turn to those occupations in which they are valuable and to the purpose, and entirely avoid, even with self-renunciation, those pursuits for which we have naturally little aptitude; we will beware of attempting that in which we have no chance of succeeding.
我们总是会转向那些有价值、有目的的职业，并且完全避免，甚至自我放弃，那些我们天生缺乏天赋的追求；我们将谨慎尝试那些我们没有成功机会的事情。
Only he who has attained to this will constantly and with full consciousness be completely himself, and will never fail himself at the critical moment, because he will always have known what he could expect from himself.
只有达到这一点的人，才能始终保持完整的自我意识，在关键时刻永远不会辜负自己，因为他永远知道自己可以期待什么。
He will often enjoy the satisfaction of feeling his strength, and seldom experience the pain of being reminded of his weakness.
他常常会享受感受到自己的力量的满足感，而很少经历被提醒自己的弱点的痛苦。
The latter is mortification, which causes perhaps the greatest of mental sufferings; therefore it is far more endurable to have our misfortune brought clearly before us than our incapacity.
后者是禁欲，它可能会造成最大的精神痛苦。因此，我们的不幸比我们的无能更能忍受。
And, further, if we are thus fully acquainted with our strength and our weakness, we will not attempt to make a show of powers which we do not possess; we will not play with base coin, for all such dissimulation misses the mark in the end.
而且，如果我们充分了解自己的长处和弱点，我们就不会试图展示我们不具备的力量；我们不会玩基础币，因为所有这些掩饰最终都没有达到目的。
For since the whole man is only the phenomenon of his will, nothing can be more perverse than to try, by means of reflection, to become something else than one is, for this is a direct contradiction of the will with itself.
因为，既然整个人只是他意志的现象，那么没有什么比试图通过反思而成为不同于人本身的东西更反常的了，因为这是意志与其自身的直接矛盾。
The imitation of the qualities and idiosyncrasies of others is much more shameful than to dress in other people’s clothes; for it is the judgment of our own worthlessness pronounced by ourselves.
模仿别人的品质和特质比穿别人的衣服可耻得多；因为这是我们自己对自己毫无价值的判断。
Knowledge of our own mind and its capacities of every kind, and their unalterable limits, is in this respect the surest way to the attainment of the greatest possible contentment with ourselves.
在这方面，了解我们自己的思想及其各种能力及其不可改变的局限性，是获得最大可能的自我满足的最可靠方法。
For it holds good of inward as of outward circumstances that there is for us no consolation so effective as the complete certainty of unalterable necessity.
因为对于我们来说，没有什么比完全确定不可改变的必然性更有效的安慰了，无论是对于内在环境还是对于外在环境都是如此。
No evil that befalls us pains us so much as the thought of the circumstances by which it might have been warded off.
没有什么灾难比降临到我们身上更让我们痛苦的是，想到在什么情况下灾难是可以避免的。
Therefore nothing comforts us so effectually as the consideration of what has happened from the standpoint of necessity, from which all accidents appear as tools in the hand of an overruling fate, and we therefore recognise the evil that has come to us as inevitably produced by the conflict of inner and outer circumstances; in other words, fatalism.
因此，没有什么比从必然性的角度考虑所发生的事情更能有效地安慰我们了，从必然性的角度来看，所有的意外事件都表现为主宰命运手中的工具，因此我们认识到降临到我们身上的邪恶是不可避免地由命运造成的。内部和外部环境的冲突；换句话说，宿命论。
We really only complain and storm so long as we hope either to affect others or to excite ourselves to unheard-of efforts.
只要我们希望影响他人或激励自己做出前所未有的努力，我们实际上只会抱怨和愤怒。
But children and grown-up people know very well to yield contentedly as soon as they clearly see that it absolutely cannot be otherwise:—Θυμὸν ἐνὶ στήθεσσι φίλον δαμάσσαντες ἀνάγκη (_Animo in pectoribus nostro domito necessitate_).
但孩子和大人都知道，一旦他们清楚地看到绝对不可能是这样，就应该心满意足地屈服：— θυμὸν ἐνὶ στήθεσσι φίλον δαμάσσαντες ἀνάγκη (_Animo in pectoribus nostro domito necessitate_)。
We are like the entrapped elephants, that rage and struggle for many days, till they see that it is useless, and then suddenly offer their necks quietly to the yoke, tamed for ever.
我们就像被困的大象，狂怒、挣扎多日，直到发现毫无用处，然后突然将脖子安静地献给枷锁，永远被驯服。
We are like King David, who, as long as his son still lived, unceasingly importuned Jehovah with prayers, and behaved himself as if in despair; but as soon as his son was dead, thought no longer about it.
我们就像大卫王一样，只要他的儿子还活着，他就不断地向耶和华祷告，表现得一副绝望的样子。但儿子一死，他就不再想这件事了。
Hence it arises that innumerable permanent ills, such as lameness, poverty, low estate, ugliness, a disagreeable dwelling-place, are borne with indifference by innumerable persons, and are no longer felt, like healed wounds, just because these persons know that inward or outward necessity renders it impossible that any change can take place in these things; while those who are more fortunate cannot understand how such misfortunes can be borne.
因此，无数的永久疾病，如跛行、贫穷、贫贱、丑陋、居住环境恶劣等，都被无数人漠然地忍受着，并且不再像愈合的伤口一样被感觉到，只因为这些人知道内心深处的痛苦。或外在的必然性使得这些事物不可能发生任何改变；而那些比较幸运的人却无法理解如何能够承受这样的不幸。
Now as with outward necessity, so also with inward; nothing reconciles so thoroughly as a distinct knowledge of it.
正如外在的需要一样，内在的需要也是如此。没有什么比对它的明确了解更彻底地调和了。
If we have once for all distinctly recognised not only our good qualities and our strength, but also our defects and weakness, established our aim accordingly, and rest satisfied concerning what cannot be attained, we thus escape in the surest way, as far as our individuality permits, the bitterest of all sorrows, discontentment with ourselves, which is the inevitable result of ignorance of our own individuality, of false conceit and the audacity that proceeds from it.
如果我们一劳永逸地不仅清楚地认识到我们的优点和长处，而且还认识到我们的缺点和弱点，相应地确立我们的目标，并对无法实现的事情感到满意，那么我们就会以最可靠的方式逃脱，直到我们的目标为止。个性允许对自己感到不满，这是所有悲伤中最痛苦的，这是由于对自己的个性无知、错误的自负以及由此产生的大胆而不可避免的结果。
To the bitter chapter of the self-knowledge here recommended the lines of Ovid admit of excellent application—       “_Optimus ille animi vindex lædentia pectus,_     _Vincula qui rupit, dedoluitque semel._”   So much with regard to the _acquired character_, which, indeed, is not of so much importance for ethics proper as for life in the world.
在自我认识的痛苦章节中，奥维德的诗句得到了很好的应用——“_Optimus ille animi vindex lædentia pectus,_ _Vincula qui rupit, dedoluitque semel._”关于_后天的性格_就这么多了，事实上， ，对于伦理本身来说，并不像对于世界上的生活那么重要。
But its investigation was related as that of a third species to the investigation of the intelligible and the empirical character, in regard to which we were obliged to enter upon a somewhat detailed inquiry in order to bring out clearly how in all its phenomena the will is subject to necessity, while yet in itself it may be called free and even omnipotent.
但是，它的研究作为第三种研究，与对可理知性和经验性特征的研究有关，对此，我们不得不进行一些详细的探究，以便清楚地表明意志在其所有现象中是如何存在的。服从于必然性，但就其本身而言，它可以被称为自由的，甚至是无所不能的。
 § 56.
第56节。
This freedom, this omnipotence, as the expression of which the whole visible world exists and progressively develops in accordance with the laws which belong to the form of knowledge, can now, at the point at which in its most perfect manifestation it has attained to the completely adequate knowledge of its own nature, express itself anew in two ways.
这种自由，这种全能，作为整个可见世界存在并按照属于知识形式的法则逐步发展的表达，现在可以在其最完美的表现中达到对其自身性质的完全充分的了解，以两种方式重新表达自己。
Either it wills here, at the summit of mental endowment and self-consciousness, simply what it willed before blindly and unconsciously, and if so, knowledge always remains its _motive_ in the whole as in the particular case.
要么它在这里，在精神禀赋和自我意识的顶峰，只是盲目地和无意识地想要它之前所想要的，如果是这样，那么知识在整体上和在特定情况下总是保持它的_动机_。
Or, conversely, this knowledge becomes for it a _quieter_, which appeases and suppresses all willing.
或者，相反，这种知识变得更安静，安抚并抑制所有意愿。
This is that assertion and denial of the will to live which was stated above in general terms.
这就是上面笼统表述的对生存意志的主张和否定。
As, in the reference of individual conduct, a general, not a particular manifestation of will, it does not disturb and modify the development of the character, nor does it find its expression in particular actions; but, either by an ever more marked appearance of the whole method of action it has followed hitherto, or conversely by the entire suppression of it, it expresses in a living form the maxims which the will has freely adopted in accordance with the knowledge it has now attained to.
由于就个人行为而言，它是意志的一般而非特定表现，因此它不会干扰和改变性格的发展，也不会在特定行为中找到表达；但是，要么通过迄今为止所遵循的整个行动方法的更加明显的出现，要么相反，通过对它的完全压制，它以一种生动的形式表达了意志根据它所拥有的知识自由采用的格言。现在达到了。
By the explanations we have just given of freedom, necessity, and character, we have somewhat facilitated and prepared the way for the clearer development of all this, which is the principal subject of this last book.
通过我们刚才对自由、必然性和特性的解释，我们在某种程度上为这一切的更清晰的发展提供了便利和准备，这也是这最后一本书的主要主题。
But we shall have done so still more when we have turned our attention to life itself, the willing or not willing of which is the great question, and have endeavoured to find out generally what the will itself, which is everywhere the inmost nature of this life, will really attain by its assertion—in what way and to what extent this assertion satisfies or can satisfy the will; in short, what is generally and mainly to be regarded as its position in this its own world, which in every relation belongs to it.
但是，当我们把注意力转向生命本身时，我们就会这样做得更多，愿意或不愿意是一个伟大的问题，并努力找出意志本身的普遍含义，而意志本身无处不在，是生命的最内在本质。生命，将通过它的断言而真正实现——这个断言以什么方式、在多大程度上满足或能够满足意志；简而言之，一般地、主要地被视为它在这个它自己的世界中的位置，这个世界在每一种关系中都属于它。
 First of all, I wish the reader to recall the passage with which we closed the Second Book,—a passage occasioned by the question, which met us then, as to the end and aim of the will.
首先，我希望读者回想起我们在第二本书结束时所用的一段话——这段话是由我们当时遇到的关于意志的目的和目的的问题引起的。
Instead of the answer to this question, it appeared clearly before us how, in all the grades of its manifestation, from the lowest to the highest, the will dispenses altogether with a final goal and aim.
这个问题没有得到答案，而是清楚地呈现在我们面前，在其表现的所有等级中，从最低到最高，意志如何完全放弃最终的目的和目的。
It always strives, for striving is its sole nature, which no attained goal can put an end to.
它总是在奋斗，因为奋斗是它的唯一本性，任何已达到的目标都无法终止它。
Therefore it is not susceptible of any final satisfaction, but can only be restrained by hindrances, while in itself it goes on for ever.
因此，它不会有任何最终的满足，而只能受到障碍的限制，而它本身却永远持续下去。
We see this in the simplest of all natural phenomena, gravity, which does not cease to strive and press towards a mathematical centre to reach which would be the annihilation both of itself and matter, and would not cease even if the whole universe were already rolled into one ball.
我们在所有自然现象中最简单的现象中看到了这一点，即重力，它不会停止努力并压向一个数学中心，以达到其本身和物质的湮灭，即使整个宇宙已经滚动，它也不会停止。成一球。
We see it in the other simple natural phenomena.
我们在其他简单的自然现象中也看到了这一点。
A solid tends towards fluidity either by melting or dissolving, for only so will its chemical forces be free; rigidity is the imprisonment in which it is held by cold.
固体通过熔化或溶解而趋向于流动，因为只有这样它的化学力才会是自由的；僵化是寒冷的禁锢。
The fluid tends towards the gaseous state, into which it passes at once as soon as all pressure is removed from it.
流体趋于气态，一旦所有压力消失，它就会立即进入气态。
No body is without relationship, _i.e._, without tendency or without desire and longing, as Jacob Böhme would say.
正如雅各布·伯姆（Jacob Böhme）所说，没有人是没有关系的，即没有倾向或没有欲望和渴望。
Electricity transmits its inner self-repulsion to infinity, though the mass of the earth absorbs the effect.
尽管地球的质量吸收了这种效应，但电力将其内在的自斥力传递到无穷大。
Galvanism is certainly, so long as the pile is working, an aimless, unceasingly repeated act of repulsion and attraction.
只要桩还在工作，流电现象肯定是一种漫无目的、不断重复的排斥和吸引行为。
The existence of the plant is just such a restless, never satisfied striving, a ceaseless tendency through ever-ascending forms, till the end, the seed, becomes a new starting-point; and this repeated _ad infinitum_—nowhere an end, nowhere a final satisfaction, nowhere a resting-place.
植物的存在就是这样一种永不停息、永不满足的奋斗，一种不断上升的形态的趋势，直到最后，种子，成为一个新的起点；这种情况无限地重复着——无处是终点，无处是最终的满足，无处是安息之所。
It will also be remembered, from the Second Book, that the multitude of natural forces and organised forms everywhere strive with each other for the matter in which they desire to appear, for each of them only possesses what it has wrested from the others; and thus a constant internecine war is waged, from which, for the most part, arises the resistance through which that striving, which constitutes the inner nature of everything, is at all points hindered; struggles in vain, yet, from its nature, cannot leave off; toils on laboriously till this phenomenon dies, when others eagerly seize its place and its matter.
我们还应该记住，在第二本书中，大量的自然力量和有组织的形式无处不在，为了它们想要出现的事物而相互竞争，因为它们中的每一个都只拥有它从其他事物中夺取的东西;因此，一场持续不断的自相残杀的战争就这样展开了，在很大程度上，由此产生了抵抗，通过这种抵抗，构成一切事物内在本质的努力在所有方面都受到阻碍。徒然挣扎，但本质上又不能停止；当其他人急切地抓住它的位置和它的内容时，人们会辛勤地劳作，直到这种现象消亡。
 We have long since recognised this striving, which constitutes the kernel and in-itself of everything, as identical with that which in us, where it manifests itself most distinctly in the light of the fullest consciousness, is called _will_.
我们很早就认识到，这种奋斗构成了一切事物的核心和本质，与我们身上的“意志”相同，它在最充分的意识的光照下最清晰地表现出来。
Its hindrance through an obstacle which places itself between it and its temporary aim we call _suffering_, and, on the other hand, its attainment of the end satisfaction, wellbeing, happiness.
它的阻碍是通过放置在它和它的暂时目标之间的障碍来实现的，我们称之为“痛苦”，而另一方面，它又实现了最终的满足、福祉和幸福。
We may also transfer this terminology to the phenomena of the unconscious world, for though weaker in degree, they are identical in nature.
我们也可以将这个术语转移到无意识世界的现象上，因为尽管程度较弱，但它们本质上是相同的。
Then we see them involved in constant suffering, and without any continuing happiness.
然后我们看到他们陷入持续的痛苦之中，却没有任何持续的快乐。
For all effort springs from defect—from discontent with one’s estate—is thus suffering so long as it is not satisfied; but no satisfaction is lasting, rather it is always merely the starting-point of a new effort.
因为所有的努力都源于缺陷——源于对自己财产的不满——因此，只要它得不到满足，就会遭受痛苦。但没有一种满足是持久的，它永远只是新努力的起点。
The striving we see everywhere hindered in many ways, everywhere in conflict, and therefore always under the form of suffering.
我们随处可见的奋斗在很多方面都受到阻碍，到处都充满冲突，因此总是处于痛苦的形式下。
Thus, if there is no final end of striving, there is no measure and end of suffering.
因此，如果没有奋斗的最终目的，那么痛苦也就没有衡量和结束。
 But what we only discover in unconscious Nature by sharpened observation, and with an effort, presents itself distinctly to us in the intelligent world in the life of animals, whose constant suffering is easily proved.
但是，我们只有通过敏锐的观察和努力才能在无意识的自然中发现的东西，在动物的生命中清晰地呈现在我们的智能世界中，动物不断遭受的痛苦是很容易证明的。
But without lingering over these intermediate grades, we shall turn to the life of man, in which all this appears with the greatest distinctness, illuminated by the clearest knowledge; for as the phenomenon of will becomes more complete, the suffering also becomes more and more apparent.
但是，我们不会在这些中间等级上徘徊，而是转向人类的生活，在人类的生活中，所有这一切都以最清晰的方式呈现出来，并被最清晰的知识所阐明。因为当意志现象变得更加完整时，痛苦也变得越来越明显。
In the plant there is as yet no sensibility, and therefore no pain.
植物还没有感觉，因此还没有疼痛。
A certain very small degree of suffering is experienced by the lowest species of animal life—infusoria and radiata; even in insects the capacity to feel and suffer is still limited.
最低等的动物物种——纤毛虫和辐射虫——也会经历一定程度的痛苦。即使昆虫的感受和痛苦的能力仍然有限。
It first appears in a high degree with the complete nervous system of vertebrate animals, and always in a higher degree the more intelligence develops.
它首先在脊椎动物的完整神经系统中以较高的程度出现，并且智力发展得越多，其程度总是越高。
Thus, in proportion as knowledge attains to distinctness, as consciousness ascends, pain also increases, and therefore reaches its highest degree in man.
因此，随着知识变得清晰，随着意识的提升，痛苦也会增加，因此在人类中达到最高程度。
And then, again, the more distinctly a man knows, the more intelligent he is, the more pain he has; the man who is gifted with genius suffers most of all.
然后，再说一遍，一个人知道得越清楚，他就越聪明，他承受的痛苦就越多；他的痛苦也就越多。天才的人所受的苦难最深。
In this sense, that is, with reference to the degree of knowledge in general, not mere abstract rational knowledge, I understand and use here that saying of the Preacher: _Qui auget scientiam, auget at dolorem._ That philosophical painter or painting philosopher, Tischbein, has very beautifully expressed the accurate relation between the degree of consciousness and that of suffering by exhibiting it in a visible and clear form in a drawing.
在这个意义上，也就是说，就一般知识的程度而言，而不仅仅是抽象的理性知识，我在这里理解并使用了传道者的那句话：_Qui auget scientiam，auget at dolorem。_那位哲学画家或绘画哲学家，蒂施拜因以清晰可见的形式在绘画中完美地表达了意识程度与痛苦程度之间的准确关系。
The upper half of his drawing represents women whose children have been stolen, and who in different groups and attitudes, express in many ways deep maternal pain, anguish, and despair.
他画作的上半部分描绘了孩子被偷走的妇女，她们以不同的群体和态度，以多种方式表达了深切的母性痛苦、痛苦和绝望。
The lower half of the drawing represents sheep whose lambs have been taken away.
画的下半部分代表着小羊被带走的羊。
They are arranged and grouped in precisely the same way; so that every human head, every human attitude of the upper half, has below a brute head and attitude corresponding to it.
它们的排列和分组方式完全相同；因此，每个人的头，每个人的上半部态度，下面都有一个与它相对应的野蛮头和态度。
Thus we see distinctly how the pain which is possible in the dull brute consciousness is related to the violent grief, which only becomes possible through distinctness of knowledge and clearness of consciousness.
因此，我们清楚地看到，在迟钝的野蛮意识中可能出现的痛苦是如何与暴力悲伤相关的，而暴力悲伤只有通过知识的清晰和意识的清晰才成为可能。
 We desire to consider in this way, in _human existence_, the inner and essential destiny of will.
我们希望以这种方式思考“人类存在”中意志的内在和本质的命运。
Every one will easily recognise that same destiny expressed in various degrees in the life of the brutes, only more weakly, and may also convince himself to his own satisfaction, from the suffering animal world, _how essential to all life is suffering_.
每个人都会很容易地认识到，在动物的生活中，不同程度地表达出同样的命运，只是更加微弱，并且还可以从受苦的动物世界中说服自己，让自己满意，“苦难对所有生命来说是多么重要”。
 § 57.
 §57.
At every grade that is enlightened by knowledge, the will appears as an individual.
在知识启蒙的每一个阶段，意志都以个体的形式出现。
The human individual finds himself as finite in infinite space and time, and consequently as a vanishing quantity compared with them.
人类个体发现自己在无限的空间和时间中是有限的，因此与它们相比是一个消失的量。
He is projected into them, and, on account of their unlimited nature, he has always a merely relative, never absolute _when_ and _where_ of his existence; for his place and duration are finite parts of what is infinite and boundless.
他被投射到它们之中，而且，由于它们的无限性，他的存在始终只是相对的，而不是绝对的“时间”和“地点”；因为他的地位和持续时间是无限和无限的有限部分。
His real existence is only in the present, whose unchecked flight into the past is a constant transition into death, a constant dying.
他真正的存在只存在于当下，他不受限制地飞向过去，不断地过渡到死亡，不断地垂死。
For his past life, apart from its possible consequences for the present, and the testimony regarding the will that is expressed in it, is now entirely done with, dead, and no longer anything; and, therefore, it must be, as a matter of reason, indifferent to him whether the content of that past was pain or pleasure.
因为他的前世，除了对现在可能产生的后果，以及其中所表达的意志的见证之外，现在已经完全结束了，死了，不再有任何东西了；因此，从道理上讲，过去的内容是痛苦还是快乐，对他来说一定是无关紧要的。
But the present is always passing through his hands into the past; the future is quite uncertain and always short.
但现在总是通过他的双手进入过去；未来充满不确定性，而且总是短暂的。
Thus his existence, even when we consider only its formal side, is a constant hurrying of the present into the dead past, a constant dying.
因此，即使我们只考虑其形式方面，他的存在也是不断地从现在赶向死亡的过去，不断地死亡。
But if we look at it from the physical side; it is clear that, as our walking is admittedly merely a constantly prevented falling, the life of our body is only a constantly prevented dying, an ever-postponed death: finally, in the same way, the activity of our mind is a constantly deferred ennui.
但如果我们从物理角度来看；显然，正如我们的行走无疑只是一种不断被阻止的跌倒一样，我们身体的生命也只是一种不断被阻止的死亡、一种不断推迟的死亡：最后，同样地，我们的思想活动也是一种不断推迟的死亡。无聊。
Every breath we draw wards off the death that is constantly intruding upon us.
我们的每一次呼吸都在抵御不断侵入我们的死亡。
In this way we fight with it every moment, and again, at longer intervals, through every meal we eat, every sleep we take, every time we warm ourselves, &c.
就这样，我们每时每刻都在与它作斗争，并且以更长的时间间隔，通过我们吃的每一顿饭、我们的每次睡眠、每次我们取暖等等。
In the end, death must conquer, for we became subject to him through birth, and he only plays for a little while with his prey before he swallows it up.
最终，死亡必须战胜，因为我们从一出生就臣服于他，而他只与他的猎物玩耍一小会儿，然后就把它吞掉了。
We pursue our life, however, with great interest and much solicitude as long as possible, as we blow out a soap-bubble as long and as large as possible, although we know perfectly well that it will burst.
然而，我们以极大的兴趣和尽可能长久的关怀来追求我们的生活，就像我们吹出尽可能长、尽可能大的肥皂泡一样，尽管我们完全知道它会破裂。
 We saw that the inner being of unconscious nature is a constant striving without end and without rest.
我们看到，无意识本质的内在存在是一种永无止境、永无休止的持续奋斗。
And this appears to us much more distinctly when we consider the nature of brutes and man.
当我们考虑畜生和人的本性时，这一点对我们来说显得更加明显。
Willing and striving is its whole being, which may be very well compared to an unquenchable thirst.
意志和奋斗是它的全部，这可以很好地比喻为无法抑制的干渴。
But the basis of all willing is need, deficiency, and thus pain.
但一切意愿的基础是需要、匮乏，以及痛苦。
Consequently, the nature of brutes and man is subject to pain originally and through its very being.
因此，野兽和人类的本性从一开始就受到痛苦的影响。
If, on the other hand, it lacks objects of desire, because it is at once deprived of them by a too easy satisfaction, a terrible void and ennui comes over it, _i.e._, its being and existence itself becomes an unbearable burden to it.
另一方面，如果它缺乏欲望的对象，因为它因过于容易的满足而立刻被剥夺了，那么一种可怕的空虚和厌倦就会笼罩它，也就是说，它的存在和存在本身就变得难以忍受。给它带来负担。
Thus its life swings like a pendulum backwards and forwards between pain and ennui.
因此，它的生活就像钟摆一样在痛苦和无聊之间来回摆动。
This has also had to express itself very oddly in this way; after man had transferred all pain and torments to hell, there then remained nothing over for heaven but ennui.
这也必须以这种非常奇怪的方式表达出来。当人把所有的痛苦和折磨都转移到地狱之后，天堂就只剩下无聊了。
 But the constant striving which constitutes the inner nature of every manifestation of will obtains its primary and most general foundation at the higher grades of objectification, from the fact that here the will manifests itself as a living body, with the iron command to nourish it; and what gives strength to this command is just that this body is nothing but the objectified will to live itself.
但是，构成每一种意志表现的内在本质的持续努力，在更高层次的客体化中获得了其主要和最普遍的基础，因为意志在这里表现为一个活体，有铁一般的命令来滋养它。赋予这一命令力量的正是这个身体只不过是客观化的生存意志本身。
Man, as the most complete objectification of that will, is in like measure also the most necessitous of all beings: he is through and through concrete willing and needing; he is a concretion of a thousand necessities.
人，作为意志的最完整的客体化，同样也是所有存在中最需要的：他是彻头彻尾具体的意愿和需要；他是一千种必需品的具体化。
With these he stands upon the earth, left to himself, uncertain about everything except his own need and misery.
带着这些，他站在大地上，只剩下他自己，除了他自己的需要和痛苦之外，对一切都不确定。
Consequently the care for the maintenance of that existence under exacting demands, which are renewed every day, occupies, as a rule, the whole of human life.
因此，在每天更新的严格要求下维护这种存在通常占据了人类生活的全部。
To this is directly related the second claim, that of the propagation of the species.
与此直接相关的是第二个主张，即物种的繁殖。
At the same time he is threatened from all sides by the most different kinds of dangers, from which it requires constant watchfulness to escape.
与此同时，他还受到来自四面八方的各种危险的威胁，需要时刻保持警惕才能逃脱。
With cautious steps and casting anxious glances round him he pursues his path, for a thousand accidents and a thousand enemies lie in wait for him.
他小心翼翼地迈着脚步，焦急地环顾四周，追寻着自己的道路，因为一千个事故和一千个敌人正在等待着他。
Thus he went while yet a savage, thus he goes in civilised life; there is no security for him.
他就这样度过了未开化的生活，也度过了文明的生活。他没有安全感。
      “_Qualibus in tenebris vitæ, quantisque periclis_     _Degitur hocc’ ævi, quodcunque est!_”—LUCR.
 “_Qualibus in tenebris vitæ, quantisque periclis_ _Degitur hocc' ævi, quodcunque est!_”——LUCR。
ii.
二.
15
15
  The life of the great majority is only a constant struggle for this existence itself, with the certainty of losing it at last.
大多数人的生活只是为了这种存在本身而不断的斗争，并且最终肯定会失去它。
But what enables them to endure this wearisome battle is not so much the love of life as the fear of death, which yet stands in the background as inevitable, and may come upon them at any moment.
但让他们能够忍受这场令人厌烦的战斗的，与其说是对生命的热爱，不如说是对死亡的恐惧，而死亡却是不可避免的，随时可能降临到他们身上。
Life itself is a sea, full of rocks and whirlpools, which man avoids with the greatest care and solicitude, although he knows that even if he succeeds in getting through with all his efforts and skill, he yet by doing so comes nearer at every step to the greatest, the total, inevitable, and irremediable shipwreck, death; nay, even steers right upon it: this is the final goal of the laborious voyage, and worse for him than all the rocks from which he has escaped.
生命本身就是一片大海，充满了岩石和漩涡，人们以最大的小心和关怀来避开它，尽管他知道，即使他用尽所有的努力和技巧成功地度过了这一关，但这样做却每一步都离他更近了一步。最大的、彻底的、不可避免的、无法挽回的海难——死亡；不，甚至直接驶向它：这是艰苦航行的最终目标，对他来说比他逃离的所有岩石更糟糕。
 Now it is well worth observing that, on the one hand, the suffering and misery of life may easily increase to such an extent that death itself, in the flight from which the whole of life consists, becomes desirable, and we hasten towards it voluntarily; and again, on the other hand, that as soon as want and suffering permit rest to a man, ennui is at once so near that he necessarily requires diversion.
值得一提的是，一方面，生命中的痛苦和不幸很容易增加到这样的程度，以至于整个生命都在逃离死亡本身，而我们却自愿地加速走向它。 ;另一方面，一旦匮乏和痛苦让一个人得到休息，他就会立即感到厌倦，以至于他必然需要消遣。
The striving after existence is what occupies all living things and maintains them in motion.
对存在的追求占据了所有生物并维持它们的运动。
But when existence is assured, then they know not what to do with it; thus the second thing that sets them in motion is the effort to get free from the burden of existence, to make it cease to be felt, “to kill time,” _i.e._, to escape from ennui.
但当存在得到保证时，他们就不知道该怎么办；因此，促使他们行动的第二件事是努力摆脱存在的负担，使其不再被感觉到，“消磨时间”，即逃避无聊。
Accordingly we see that almost all men who are secure from want and care, now that at last they have thrown off all other burdens, become a burden to themselves, and regard as a gain every hour they succeed in getting through; and thus every diminution of the very life which, till then, they have employed all their powers to maintain as long as possible.
因此，我们看到，几乎所有摆脱匮乏和忧虑的人，现在终于摆脱了所有其他负担，成为自己的负担，并把他们成功度过的每一个小时视为一种收获；因此，他们的生命受到了每一次的削弱，而在此之前，他们已经竭尽全力尽可能地维持生命。
Ennui is by no means an evil to be lightly esteemed; in the end it depicts on the countenance real despair.
倦怠绝不是一种可以轻视的罪恶。最后，它在脸上描绘出真正的绝望。
It makes beings who love each other so little as men do, seek each other eagerly, and thus becomes the source of social intercourse.
它使人类之间相爱甚少的众生，彼此热切地寻求，从而成为社会交往的源泉。
Moreover, even from motives of policy, public precautions are everywhere taken against it, as against other universal calamities.
此外，即使出于政策动机，公众也到处采取预防措施来应对这种灾难，就像预防其他普遍灾难一样。
For this evil may drive men to the greatest excesses, just as much as its opposite extreme, famine: the people require _panem et circenses_.
因为这种罪恶可能会驱使人们走向最严重的过度行为，就像它的相反极端——饥荒一样：人们需要_panem et circenses_。
The strict penitentiary system of Philadelphia makes use of ennui alone as a means of punishment, through solitary confinement and idleness, and it is found so terrible that it has even led prisoners to commit suicide.
费城严格的监狱制度仅利用无聊作为惩罚手段，通过单独监禁和无所事事，这种做法非常可怕，甚至导致囚犯自杀。
As want is the constant scourge of the people, so ennui is that of the fashionable world.
正如匮乏是人民的永恒祸害一样，倦怠也是时尚界的祸害。
In middle-class life ennui is represented by the Sunday, and want by the six week-days.
在中产阶级的生活中，周日代表着厌倦，而工作日则代表着匮乏。
 Thus between desiring and attaining all human life flows on throughout.
因此，在渴望和实现之间，所有人类生命始终在流动。
The wish is, in its nature, pain; the attainment soon begets satiety: the end was only apparent; possession takes away the charm; the wish, the need, presents itself under a new form; when it does not, then follows desolateness, emptiness, ennui, against which the conflict is just as painful as against want.
愿望的本质是痛苦；成就很快就会产生满足感：结局只是显而易见的；占有带走了魅力；愿望、需要以一种新的形式呈现出来；如果没有，随之而来的是荒凉、空虚、倦怠，与这些冲突的冲突就像与匮乏的冲突一样痛苦。
That wish and satisfaction should follow each other neither too quickly nor too slowly reduces the suffering, which both occasion to the smallest amount, and constitutes the happiest life.
愿望和满足应该相辅相成，既不太快也不太慢，可以减少痛苦，将痛苦降到最低限度，构成最幸福的生活。
For that which we might otherwise call the most beautiful part of life, its purest joy, if it were only because it lifts us out of real existence and transforms us into disinterested spectators of it—that is, pure knowledge, which is foreign to all willing, the pleasure of the beautiful, the true delight in art—this is granted only to a very few, because it demands rare talents, and to these few only as a passing dream.
对于我们可以称之为生命中最美丽的部分、最纯粹的快乐的东西，如果它只是因为它使我们脱离了真实的存在，并将我们转变为它的公正的旁观者——也就是说，纯粹的知识，对所有人来说都是陌生的心甘情愿，美的愉悦，艺术中真正的乐趣——这只有极少数人才能获得，因为它需要稀有的才能，而对这些人来说，这只是一个转瞬即逝的梦想。
And then, even these few, on account of their higher intellectual power, are made susceptible of far greater suffering than duller minds can ever feel, and are also placed in lonely isolation by a nature which is obviously different from that of others; thus here also accounts are squared.
然后，即使是这些少数人，由于他们的智力较高，也容易遭受比头脑迟钝的人所能感受到的更大的痛苦，并且也由于与其他人明显不同的本性而处于孤独的孤立之中；因此，这里的账目也是平方的。
But to the great majority of men purely intellectual pleasures are not accessible.
但对于绝大多数人来说，纯粹的智力乐趣是无法获得的。
They are almost quite incapable of the joys which lie in pure knowledge.
他们几乎无法享受纯粹知识中的乐趣。
They are entirely given up to willing.
他们完全屈服于意愿。
If, therefore, anything is to win their sympathy, to be _interesting_ to them, it must (as is implied in the meaning of the word) in some way excite their _will_, even if it is only through a distant and merely problematical relation to it; the will must not be left altogether out of the question, for their existence lies far more in willing than in knowing,—action and reaction is their one element.
因此，如果有什么事情要赢得他们的同情，让他们感到“有趣”，它就必须（正如这个词的含义所暗示的那样）以某种方式激发他们的“意愿”，即使这只是通过与他们之间的一种遥远的、仅仅是有问题的关系。它;决不能把意志完全排除在外，因为它们的存在更多地取决于意愿而不是知道——行动和反应是它们的一个要素。
We may find in trifles and everyday occurrences the naïve expressions of this quality.
我们可能会在琐事和日常事件中发现这种品质的天真表达。
Thus, for example, at any place worth seeing they may visit, they write their names, in order thus to react, to affect the place since it does not affect them.
因此，例如，在他们可能访问的任何值得一看的地方，他们写下自己的名字，以便做出反应，影响那个地方，因为它不会影响他们。
Again, when they see a strange rare animal, they cannot easily confine themselves to merely observing it; they must rouse it, tease it, play with it, merely to experience action and reaction; but this need for excitement of the will manifests itself very specially in the discovery and support of card-playing, which is quite peculiarly the expression of the miserable side of humanity.
再次，当他们看到一种奇怪的稀有动物时，他们不能轻易地将自己局限于仅仅观察它；他们必须唤醒它、戏弄它、玩弄它，只是为了体验行动和反应；但这种对意志兴奋的需要在纸牌的发现和支持中表现得很特别，这是人性悲惨一面的独特表现。
 But whatever nature and fortune may have done, whoever a man be and whatever he may possess, the pain which is essential to life cannot be thrown off:—Πηλειδης δ᾽ ῳμωξεν, ιδων εις ουρανον ευρυν (_Pelides autem ejulavit, intuitus in cælum latum_).
但无论自然和命运做了什么，无论一个人是谁，无论他拥有什么，生命所必需的痛苦都无法摆脱：-Πnλειδnς δ᾽ ῳμωeditεν, ιδων εις ουρανον ευρυν (_Pelides autem ejulavit, intuitus in cælum latum_ ）。
And again:—Ζηνος μεν παις ηα Κρονιονος, αυταρ οιζυν ειχον απειρεσιην (_Jovis quidem filius eram Saturnii; verum ærumnam habebam infinitam_).
再次：—Ζηνος μεν παις ηα Κρονιονος，αυταρ οιZυν ειχον απειρεσιν (_Jovis quidem filius eram Saturnii; verum ærumnam habebam infinitam_)。
The ceaseless efforts to banish suffering accomplish no more than to make it change its form.
消除痛苦的不懈努力只不过是改变痛苦的形式而已。
It is essentially deficiency, want, care for the maintenance of life.
它本质上是对维持生命的缺乏、匮乏、关怀。
If we succeed, which is very difficult, in removing pain in this form, it immediately assumes a thousand others, varying according to age and circumstances, such as lust, passionate love, jealousy, envy, hatred, anxiety, ambition, covetousness, sickness, &c., &c.
如果我们成功地消除这种形式的痛苦（这是非常困难的），它就会立即呈现出上千种其他的痛苦，根据年龄和环境的不同，例如色欲、热烈的爱、嫉妒、羡慕、仇恨、焦虑、野心、贪婪、疾病，等等。，等等。
If at last it can find entrance in no other form, it comes in the sad, grey garments of tediousness and ennui, against which we then strive in various ways.
如果它最终无法以其他形式出现，它就会披着乏味和倦怠的悲伤、灰色外衣，然后我们以各种方式与之抗争。
If finally we succeed in driving this away, we shall hardly do so without letting pain enter in one of its earlier forms, and the dance begin again from the beginning; for all human life is tossed backwards and forwards between pain and ennui.
如果我们最终成功地驱除这种痛苦，我们几乎不可能不让痛苦以其早期的形式进入，舞蹈又从头开始。因为所有人类的生活都在痛苦和倦怠之间来回摇摆。
Depressing as this view of life is, I will draw attention, by the way, to an aspect of it from which consolation may be drawn, and perhaps even a stoical indifference to one’s own present ills may be attained.
尽管这种人生观令人沮丧，但顺便提一下，我会提请注意它的一个方面，从中可以得到安慰，甚至可能获得对自己当前的不幸的坚忍冷漠。
For our impatience at these arises for the most part from the fact that we regard them as brought about by a chain of causes which might easily be different.
因为我们对这些问题的不耐烦很大程度上是因为我们认为它们是由一系列可能很容易不同的原因引起的。
We do not generally grieve over ills which are directly necessary and quite universal; for example, the necessity of age and of death, and many daily inconveniences.
我们一般不会为那些直接必要且相当普遍的疾病而悲伤；例如，衰老和死亡的必然性，以及许多日常的不便。
It is rather the consideration of the accidental nature of the circumstances that brought some sorrow just to us, that gives it its sting.
相反，正是考虑到环境的偶然性，给我们带来了一些悲伤，才给我们带来了刺痛。
But if we have recognised that pain, as such, is inevitable and essential to life, and that nothing depends upon chance but its mere fashion, the form under which it presents itself, that thus our present sorrow fills a place that, without it, would at once be occupied by another which now is excluded by it, and that therefore fate can affect us little in what is essential; such a reflection, if it were to become a living conviction, might produce a considerable degree of stoical equanimity, and very much lessen the anxious care for our own well-being.
但是，如果我们认识到痛苦本身是不可避免的，也是生命中必不可少的，并且认识到，没有任何东西取决于偶然，而只是它的时尚，它呈现自身的形式，那么我们当前的悲伤就会填补一个位置，如果没有它，会立即被另一个现在被排除在外的事物所占据，因此命运对我们的本质影响微乎其微；如果这样的反思成为一种活生生的信念，可能会产生相当程度的坚忍的平静，并大大减轻我们对自己福祉的焦虑。
But, in fact, such a powerful control of reason over directly felt suffering seldom or never occurs.
但事实上，理性对直接感受到的痛苦如此强大的控制很少或从未发生。
 Besides, through this view of the inevitableness of pain, of the supplanting of one pain by another, and the introduction of a new pain through the passing away of that which preceded it, one might be led to the paradoxical but not absurd hypothesis, that in every individual the measure of the pain essential to him was determined once for all by his nature, a measure which could neither remain empty, nor be more than filled, however much the form of the suffering might change.
此外，通过这种关于痛苦不可避免的观点，一种痛苦被另一种痛苦取代，以及通过先前的痛苦的消失而引入一种新的痛苦，人们可能会得出一个自相矛盾但并不荒谬的假设，即对每个人来说，他所必需的痛苦程度是由他的本性一劳永逸地决定的，无论痛苦的形式如何变化，这种程度既不能保持空虚，也不能被填满。
Thus his suffering and well-being would by no means be determined from without, but only through that measure, that natural disposition, which indeed might experience certain additions and diminutions from the physical condition at different times, but yet, on the whole, would remain the same, and would just be what is called the temperament, or, more accurately, the degree in which he might be ευκολος or δυσκολος, as Plato expresses it in the First Book of the Republic, _i.e._, in an easy or difficult mood.
因此，他的痛苦和福祉绝不是由外部决定的，而只能通过那种自然倾向来决定，这种自然倾向确实可能在不同时期因身体状况而经历某些增加和减少，但总体而言，保持不变，这就是所谓的气质，或者更准确地说，他可能成为 ευκολος 或 δυσκολος 的程度，正如柏拉图在《共和国第一本书》中所表达的那样，即在轻松或困难的心情。
This hypothesis is supported not only by the well-known experience that great suffering makes all lesser ills cease to be felt, and conversely that freedom from great suffering makes even the most trifling inconveniences torment us and put us out of humour; but experience also teaches that if a great misfortune, at the mere thought of which we shuddered, actually befalls us, as soon as we have overcome the first pain of it, our disposition remains for the most part unchanged; and, conversely, that after the attainment of some happiness we have long desired, we do not feel ourselves on the whole and permanently very much better off and agreeably situated than before.
这一假设不仅得到了众所周知的经验的支持，即巨大的痛苦使所有较小的痛苦不再被感觉到，相反，摆脱巨大的痛苦甚至使最微不足道的不便也会折磨我们并使我们失去幽默感；但经验也告诉我们，如果一件让我们一想到就感到不寒而栗的巨大不幸真的降临到我们身上，那么一旦我们克服了最初的痛苦，我们的性情就大体上保持不变。相反，在获得我们渴望已久的某种幸福之后，我们并没有感觉到自己总体上、永远比以前更好、更舒适。
Only the moment at which these changes occur affects us with unusual strength, as deep sorrow or exulting joy, but both soon pass away, for they are based upon illusion.
只有这些变化发生的那一刻，我们才会以不寻常的力量受到影响，如深深的悲伤或狂喜的喜悦，但两者很快就会消失，因为它们都是基于幻觉。
For they do not spring from the immediately present pleasure or pain, but only from the opening up of a new future which is anticipated in them.
因为它们并非源于眼前的快乐或痛苦，而只是源于他们所期待的新未来的开启。
Only by borrowing from the future could pain or pleasure be heightened so abnormally, and consequently not enduringly.
只有借用未来，痛苦或快乐才会如此异常地加剧，因此也不会持久。
It would follow, from the hypothesis advanced, that a large part of the feeling of suffering and of well-being would be subjective and determined _a priori_, as is the case with knowing; and we may add the following remarks as evidence in favour of it.
从提出的假设来看，痛苦和幸福的感觉很大一部分是主观的，是先验决定的，就像认识的情况一样；我们可以添加以下评论作为支持它的证据。
Human cheerfulness or dejection are manifestly not determined by external circumstances, such as wealth and position, for we see at least as many glad faces among the poor as among the rich.
人类的快乐或沮丧显然不是由财富和地位等外部环境决定的，因为我们在穷人中看到的快乐面孔至少与在富人中看到的一样多。
Further, the motives which induce suicide are so very different, that we can assign no motive that is so great as to bring it about, even with great probability, in every character, and few that would be so small that the like of them had never caused it.
此外，诱发自杀的动机是如此不同，以至于我们无法为每个角色指定一个大到足以导致自杀的动机，即使有很大的可能性，也很少有动机小到他们这样的人都有自杀倾向。从未引起过它。
Now although the degree of our serenity or sadness is not at all times the same, yet, in consequence of this view, we shall not attribute it to the change of outward circumstances, but to that of the inner condition, the physical state.
虽然我们的平静或悲伤的程度并不总是相同，但是，由于这种观点，我们不会将其归因于外在环境的变化，而是归因于内部状况，即身体状态的变化。
For when an actual, though only temporary, increase of our serenity, even to the extent of joyfulness, takes place, it usually appears without any external occasion.
因为当我们的平静确实（尽管只是暂时的）增加，甚至达到快乐的程度时，它通常会在没有任何外部原因的情况下出现。
It is true that we often see our pain arise only from some definite external relation, and are visibly oppressed and saddened by this only.
确实，我们经常看到我们的痛苦仅源于某种明确的外部关系，并且仅因此而明显感到压抑和悲伤。
Then we believe that if only this were taken away, the greatest contentment would necessarily ensue.
那么我们相信，如果只有这一点被拿走，最大的满足必然会随之而来。
But this is illusion.
但这是幻觉。
The measure of our pain and our happiness is on the whole, according to our hypothesis, subjectively determined for each point of time, and the motive for sadness is related to that, just as a blister which draws to a head all the bad humours otherwise distributed is related to the body.
根据我们的假设，我们的痛苦和幸福的衡量标准总体上是由每个时间点主观决定的，而悲伤的动机与之相关，就像一个水泡将所有不好的情绪吸引到头上。分布与身体有关。
The pain which is at that period of time essential to our nature, and therefore cannot be shaken off, would, without the definite external cause of our suffering, be divided at a hundred points, and appear in the form of a hundred little annoyances and cares about things which we now entirely overlook, because our capacity for pain is already filled by that chief evil which has concentrated in a point all the suffering otherwise dispersed.
在那个时期，痛苦是我们本性所必需的，因此无法摆脱，如果没有造成我们痛苦的明确的外部原因，痛苦就会分为一百个点，并以一百个小烦恼和一百个小烦恼的形式出现。关心我们现在完全忽视的事情，因为我们承受痛苦的能力已经被主要的罪恶所充满，这种罪恶将所有原本分散的痛苦集中在一个点上。
This corresponds also to the observation that if a great and pressing care is lifted from our breast by its fortunate issue, another immediately takes its place, the whole material of which was already there before, yet could not come into consciousness as care because there was no capacity left for it, and therefore this material of care remained indistinct and unobserved in a cloudy form on the farthest horizon of consciousness.
这也对应于这样的观察：如果一种伟大而紧迫的忧虑因其幸运的结果而从我们的胸中消失，另一种忧虑立即取代它的位置，它的全部材料以前就已经存在了，但不能作为忧虑进入意识，因为有没有留下任何能力，因此，这种关心的物质在意识的最远地平线上以浑浊的形式保持模糊和未被观察到。
But now that there is room, this prepared material at once comes forward and occupies the throne of the reigning care of the day (πρυτανευουσα).
但现在有了空间，这些准备好的材料立即出现并占据了当今统治者的宝座（πρυτανευουσα）。
And if it is very much lighter in its matter than the material of the care which has vanished, it knows how to blow itself out so as apparently to equal it in size, and thus, as the chief care of the day, completely fills the throne.
如果它的物质比已经消失的护理材料轻得多，它就会知道如何将自己吹灭，以便在尺寸上明显等于它，因此，作为当天的主要护理，完全充满了王座。
 Excessive joy and very keen suffering always occur in the same person, for they condition each other reciprocally, and are also in common conditioned by great activity of the mind.
过度的快乐和极度的痛苦总是发生在同一个人身上，因为它们是相互制约的，并且共同受到心灵的巨大活动的制约。
Both are produced, as we have just seen, not by what is really present, but by the anticipation of the future.
正如我们刚才所看到的，两者的产生都不是由实际存在的事物产生的，而是由对未来的预期产生的。
But since pain is essential to life, and its degree is also determined by the nature of the subject, sudden changes, because they are always external, cannot really alter its degree.
但由于痛苦是生命所必需的，其程度也由主体的性质决定，突然的变化，因为它们总是外在的，并不能真正改变其程度。
Thus an error and delusion always lies at the foundation of immoderate joy or grief, and consequently both these excessive strainings of the mind can be avoided by knowledge.
因此，错误和错觉总是存在于过度快乐或悲伤的基础上，因此，这两种过度的心灵紧张都可以通过知识来避免。
Every immoderate joy (_exultatio, insolens lætitia_) always rests on the delusion that one has found in life what can never be found there—lasting satisfaction of the harassing desires and cares, which are constantly breeding new ones.
每一种过度的快乐（_exultatio, insolens lætitia_）总是建立在这样一种错觉上：一个人在生活中发现了永远无法在生活中找到的东西——对不断滋生新欲望和忧虑的骚扰性欲望和忧虑的持久满足。
From every particular delusion of this kind one must inevitably be brought back later, and then when it vanishes must pay for it with pain as bitter as the joy its entrance caused was keen.
每一种这种特定的错觉，后来都不可避免地会被带回来，然后，当它消失时，必须付出痛苦的代价，就像它的出现所带来的快乐一样痛苦。
So far, then, it is precisely like a height from which one can come down only by a fall.
那么，到目前为止，它就像一个只有跌倒才能下来的高度。
Therefore one ought to avoid them; and every sudden excessive grief is just a fall from some such height, the vanishing of such a delusion, and so conditioned by it.
因此，人们应该避免它们；每一次突然的过度悲伤都只是从某个高度坠落，这种妄想的消失，并受其制约。
Consequently we might avoid them both if we had sufficient control over ourselves to survey things always with perfect clearness as a whole and in their connection, and steadfastly to guard against really lending them the colours which we wish they had.
因此，如果我们对自己有足够的控制力，始终以完美清晰的整体和联系来审视事物，并坚决防止真正给它们赋予我们希望它们拥有的颜色，那么我们就可以避免它们。
The principal effort of the Stoical ethics was to free the mind from all such delusion and its consequences, and to give it instead an equanimity that could not be disturbed.
斯多葛伦理学的主要努力是将心灵从所有这些妄想及其后果中解放出来，并赋予它一种不受干扰的平静。
It is this insight that inspires Horace in the well-known ode—       “_Æquam memento rebus in arduiis_     Servare mentem, non secus in bonis         _Ab insolenti temperatam_           _Lætitia._”   For the most part, however, we close our minds against the knowledge, which may be compared to a bitter medicine, that suffering is essential to life, and therefore does not flow in upon us from without, but that every one carries about with him its perennial source in his own heart.
正是这种洞察力激发了贺拉斯的著名颂歌——“_Æquam memento rebus in arduiis_ Servare mentem, non secus in bonis _Ab insolenti tempatam_ _Lætitia._”然而，在大多数情况下，我们对知识关闭了自己的思想，可以将苦难比作一剂苦药，苦难是生命所必需的，因此它不会从外部降临到我们身上，而是每个人都将其永久的源泉带在自己的心中。
We rather seek constantly for an external particular cause, as it were, a pretext for the pain which never leaves us, just as the free man makes himself an idol, in order to have a master.
我们宁愿不断地寻找一个外部的特殊原因，可以说，是一个永远不会离开我们的痛苦的借口，就像自由人为了拥有一个主人而把自己变成偶像一样。
For we unweariedly strive from wish to wish; and although every satisfaction, however much it promised, when attained fails to satisfy us, but for the most part comes presently to be an error of which we are ashamed, yet we do not see that we draw water with the sieve of the Danaides, but ever hasten to new desires.
因为我们不知疲倦地从一个愿望到另一个愿望而奋斗；尽管每一种满足，无论它许诺多少，当达到时都不能令我们满意，而且大部分很快就会成为我们感到羞耻的错误，但我们并没有看到我们用达奈德斯的筛子汲水，但总是急于实现新的愿望。
      “_Sed, dum abest quod avemus, id exsuperare videtur_     _Cætera; post aliud, quum contigit illud, avemus;_     _Et sitis æqua tenet vitai semper hiantes._”—LUCR.
 “_Sed，dum abest quod avemus，id exsuperare videtur_ _Cætera； post aliud, quum contigit illud, avemus;_ _Et sitis æqua tenet vitai semper hiantes._”—LUCR。
iii.
三.
1095
1095
  Thus it either goes on for ever, or, what is more rare and presupposes a certain strength of character, till we reach a wish which is not satisfied and yet cannot be given up.
因此，它要么永远持续下去，要么，更罕见的是，它以一定的性格力量为前提，直到我们达到一个无法满足但又不能放弃的愿望。
In that case we have, as it were, found what we sought, something that we can always blame, instead of our own nature, as the source of our suffering.
在这种情况下，我们可以说已经找到了我们所寻求的东西，我们总是可以将其归咎于我们自己的本性，而不是我们自己的本性，作为我们痛苦的根源。
And thus, although we are now at variance with our fate, we are reconciled to our existence, for the knowledge is again put far from us that suffering is essential to this existence itself, and true satisfaction impossible.
因此，尽管我们现在与我们的命运不一致，但我们还是接受了我们的存在，因为我们再次认识到，痛苦对于这种存在本身来说是必不可少的，而真正的满足是不可能的。
The result of this form of development is a somewhat melancholy disposition, the constant endurance of a single great pain, and the contempt for all lesser sorrows or joys that proceeds from it; consequently an already nobler phenomenon than that constant seizing upon ever-new forms of illusion, which is much more common.
这种发展形式的结果是一种有点忧郁的性格，对单一的巨大痛苦的持续忍受，以及对由此产生的所有较小的悲伤或快乐的蔑视；因此，这种现象已经比不断地利用新的幻觉形式更加崇高了，后者更为常见。
 § 58.
第58节。
All satisfaction, or what is commonly called happiness, is always really and essentially only _negative_, and never positive.
所有的满足，或者通常所说的幸福，总是真正且本质上只是_消极的_，而不是积极的。
It is not an original gratification coming to us of itself, but must always be the satisfaction of a wish.
它本身并不是我们最初的满足，而必须始终是愿望的满足。
The wish, _i.e._, some want, is the condition which precedes every pleasure.
愿望，即某些想要的东西，是一切快乐之前的条件。
But with the satisfaction the wish and therefore the pleasure cease.
但随着满足，愿望和快乐就消失了。
Thus the satisfaction or the pleasing can never be more than the deliverance from a pain, from a want; for such is not only every actual, open sorrow, but every desire, the importunity of which disturbs our peace, and, indeed, the deadening ennui also that makes life a burden to us.
因此，满足或愉悦永远不过是从痛苦、匮乏中解脱出来。因为这不仅是每一种实际的、公开的悲伤，而且是每一种渴望，它们的迫切需要扰乱了我们的平静，事实上，还有令人窒息的倦怠，使生活成为我们的负担。
It is, however, so hard to attain or achieve anything; difficulties and troubles without end are opposed to every purpose, and at every step hindrances accumulate.
然而，想要获得或成就任何事情都是那么困难；困难和烦恼永无休止，与每一个目的相悖，每一步都会积累障碍。
But when finally everything is overcome and attained, nothing can ever be gained but deliverance from some sorrow or desire, so that we find ourselves just in the same position as we occupied before this sorrow or desire appeared.
但当最终一切都被克服和实现时，除了从某种悲伤或欲望中解脱出来之外，我们什么也得不到，因此我们发现自己处于与这种悲伤或欲望出现之前相同的位置。
All that is even directly given us is merely the want, _i.e._, the pain.
所有直接给予我们的都只是欲望，即痛苦。
The satisfaction and the pleasure we can only know indirectly through the remembrance of the preceding suffering and want, which ceases with its appearance.
我们只能通过回忆先前的痛苦和匮乏来间接地了解满足和快乐，而这些痛苦和匮乏随着它的出现而消失。
Hence it arises that we are not properly conscious of the blessings and advantages we actually possess, nor do we prize them, but think of them merely as a matter of course, for they gratify us only negatively by restraining suffering.
因此，我们并没有正确地意识到我们实际上拥有的祝福和优势，我们也不珍惜它们，而只是认为它们是理所当然的，因为它们只能通过抑制痛苦来消极地满足我们。
Only when we have lost them do we become sensible of their value; for the want, the privation, the sorrow, is the positive, communicating itself directly to us.
只有当我们失去了它们，我们才意识到它们的可贵；因为匮乏、匮乏、悲伤都是积极的，直接与我们交流。
Thus also we are pleased by the remembrance of past need, sickness, want, and such like, because this is the only means of enjoying the present blessings.
因此，我们也会因记得过去的需要、疾病、匮乏等而感到高兴，因为这是享受当前祝福的唯一途径。
And, further, it cannot be denied that in this respect, and from this standpoint of egoism, which is the form of the will to live, the sight or the description of the sufferings of others affords us satisfaction and pleasure in precisely the way Lucretius beautifully and frankly expresses it in the beginning of the Second Book—       “_Suave, mari magno, turbantibus æquora ventis,_     _E terra magnum alterius spectare laborem:_     _Non, quia vexari quemquam est jucunda voluptas;_     _Sed, quibus ipse malis careas, quia cernere suave est._”   Yet we shall see farther on that this kind of pleasure, through knowledge of our own well-being obtained in this way, lies very near the source of real, positive wickedness.
而且，进一步说，不可否认的是，在这方面，从利己主义（即生存意志的形式）的角度来看，看到或描述他人的痛苦给我们带来满足和快乐，就像卢克莱修那样在第二本书的开头精美而坦率地表达了这一点——“_Suave，mari magno，turbantibus æquora ventis，_ _E terra magnum alterius spectare Laborem：_ _Non，quia vexari quemquam est jucunda voluptas；_ _Sed，quibus ipse malis careas，quia然而，我们将进一步看到，通过这种方式获得的对我们自己幸福的了解所带来的这种快乐，非常接近真正的、积极的邪恶的根源。
 That all happiness is only of a negative not a positive nature, that just on this account it cannot be lasting satisfaction and gratification, but merely delivers us from some pain or want which must be followed either by a new pain, or by languor, empty longing, and ennui; this finds support in art, that true mirror of the world and life, and especially in poetry.
所有的幸福都只是消极的而不是积极的，正因为如此，它不可能是持久的满足和满足，而只能使我们摆脱某种痛苦或匮乏，而随之而来的要么是新的痛苦，要么是倦怠、空虚。渴望和厌倦；这在艺术中得到了支持，艺术是世界和生活的真实镜子，尤其是在诗歌中。
Every epic and dramatic poem can only represent a struggle, an effort, and fight for happiness, never enduring and complete happiness itself.
每一首史诗和戏剧只能代表一种奋斗、一种努力、一种为幸福而奋斗，而永远无法持久和完整的幸福本身。
It conducts its heroes through a thousand difficulties and dangers to the goal; as soon as this is reached, it hastens to let the curtain fall; for now there would remain nothing for it to do but to show that the glittering goal in which the hero expected to find happiness had only disappointed him, and that after its attainment he was no better off than before.
它带领英雄们历经千难万险到达目标；到了这一步，就赶紧落下帷幕。现在，它没有什么可做的，只能表明英雄期望找到幸福的光辉目标只是让他失望了，而在实现这个目标之后，他的处境并没有比以前更好。
Because a genuine enduring happiness is not possible, it cannot be the subject of art.
因为真正持久的幸福是不可能的，所以它不可能成为艺术的主题。
Certainly the aim of the idyll is the description of such a happiness, but one also sees that the idyll as such cannot continue.
当然，田园诗的目的是描述这种幸福，但人们也看到田园诗本身无法继续。
The poet always finds that it either becomes epical in his hands, and in this case it is a very insignificant epic, made up of trifling sorrows, trifling delights, and trifling efforts—this is the commonest case—or else it becomes a merely descriptive poem, describing the beauty of nature, _i.e._, pure knowing free from will, which certainly, as a matter of fact, is the only pure happiness, which is neither preceded by suffering or want, nor necessarily followed by repentance, sorrow, emptiness, or satiety; but this happiness cannot fill the whole life, but is only possible at moments.
诗人总是发现，它要么在他手中变成了史诗，在这种情况下，它是一部非常微不足道的史诗，由微不足道的悲伤、微不足道的快乐和微不足道的努力组成——这是最常见的情况——要么就变成了纯粹的描述性的。这首诗描述了自然之美，即，不受意志的纯粹认知，事实上，这当然是唯一纯粹的幸福，既没有痛苦或匮乏，也不一定有悔改，悲伤、空虚或饱足；但这种幸福并不能充满一生，而只能存在于片刻。
What we see in poetry we find again in music; in the melodies of which we have recognised the universal expression of the inmost history of the self-conscious will, the most secret life, longing, suffering, and delight; the ebb and flow of the human heart.
我们在诗歌中看到的，我们在音乐中也能找到。在这些旋律中，我们认识到自我意识意志的最内在历史、最秘密的生活、渴望、痛苦和快乐的普遍表达；人心的潮起潮落。
Melody is always a deviation from the keynote through a thousand capricious wanderings, even to the most painful discord, and then a final return to the keynote which expresses the satisfaction and appeasing of the will, but with which nothing more can then be done, and the continuance of which any longer would only be a wearisome and unmeaning monotony corresponding to ennui.
旋律总是偏离基调，经过千百次的反复无常的徘徊，甚至是最痛苦的不和谐，然后最终回到基调，表达意志的满足和安抚，但除此之外什么也做不了。如果再继续下去，只会是一种令人厌烦、毫无意义的单调乏味的感觉。
 All that we intend to bring out clearly through these investigations, the impossibility of attaining lasting satisfaction and the negative nature of all happiness, finds its explanation in what is shown at the conclusion of the Second Book: that the will, of which human life, like every phenomenon, is the objectification, is a striving without aim or end.
我们想要通过这些研究清楚地阐明的一切，即不可能获得持久的满足以及所有幸福的消极本质，都在第二本书的结论中找到了解释：人类生命的意志，就像所有现象一样，它是客观化的，是一种没有目标或终点的努力。
We find the stamp of this endlessness imprinted upon all the parts of its whole manifestation, from its most universal form, endless time and space, up to the most perfect of all phenomena, the life and efforts of man.
我们发现这种无尽的印记印在它整个表现的所有部分上，从它最普遍的形式、无尽的时间和空间，到所有现象中最完美的、人类的生活和努力。
We may theoretically assume three extremes of human life, and treat them as elements of actual human life.
我们可以从理论上假设人类生活的三个极端，并将它们视为实际人类生活的要素。
First, the powerful will, the strong passions (Radscha-Guna).
首先，强大的意志，强烈的激情（Radscha-Guna）。
It appears in great historical characters; it is described in the epic and the drama.
它出现在伟大的历史人物身上；它在史诗和戏剧中都有描述。
But it can also show itself in the little world, for the size of the objects is measured here by the degree in which they influence the will, not according to their external relations.
但它也可以在小世界中表现出来，因为物体的大小在这里是根据它们影响意志的程度来衡量的，而不是根据它们的外部关系来衡量的。
Secondly, pure knowing, the comprehension of the Ideas, conditioned by the freeing of knowledge from the service of will: the life of genius (Satwa-Guna).
其次，纯粹的认识，即对理念的理解，以将知识从意志的服务中解放出来为条件：天才的生活（Satwa-Guna）。
Thirdly and lastly, the greatest lethargy of the will, and also of the knowledge attaching to it, empty longing, life-benumbing languor (Tama-Guna).
第三也是最后一点，意志以及与之相关的知识的最大昏睡，空虚的渴望，使生命麻木的倦怠（Tama-Guna）。
The life of the individual, far from becoming permanently fixed in one of these extremes, seldom touches any of them, and is for the most part only a weak and wavering approach to one or the other side, a needy desiring of trifling objects, constantly recurring, and so escaping ennui.
个人的生活远非永久地固定在这些极端中的一个，很少触及其中任何一个，并且在大多数情况下只是对某一方或另一方的软弱和摇摆不定的态度，对琐碎事物的贫困渴望，不断地反复出现，从而逃避无聊。
It is really incredible how meaningless and void of significance when looked at from without, how dull and unenlightened by intellect when felt from within, is the course of the life of the great majority of men.
令人难以置信的是，从外部看，绝大多数人的生活是多么无意义和空虚；从内部感觉，智力是多么迟钝和无知。
It is a weary longing and complaining, a dream-like staggering through the four ages of life to death, accompanied by a series of trivial thoughts.
那是一种疲惫的向往和抱怨，是一场如梦般的踉踉跄跄地穿越生死四世，伴随着一系列琐碎的思绪。
Such men are like clockwork, which is wound up, and goes it knows not why; and every time a man is begotten and born, the clock of human life is wound up anew, to repeat the same old piece it has played innumerable times before, passage after passage, measure after measure, with insignificant variations.
这些人就像发条一样，上紧发条，不知为何就走动；每当一个人诞生和诞生时，人类生命的时钟就会重新上弦，重复之前已经演奏过无数次的同一首老曲子，一段接着一段，一个小节又一个小节，几乎没有什么变化。
Every individual, every human being and his course of life, is but another short dream of the endless spirit of nature, of the persistent will to live; is only another fleeting form, which it carelessly sketches on its infinite page, space and time; allows to remain for a time so short that it vanishes into nothing in comparison with these, and then obliterates to make new room.
每个个体、每个人和他的生命历程，不过是大自然无尽的精神和顽强的生存意志的又一个短暂的梦想；只是另一种稍纵即逝的形式，它在无限的页面、空间和时间上不经意地勾画出来；允许停留的时间如此之短，以至于与这些相比，它消失得无影无踪，然后消失以腾出新的空间。
And yet, and here lies the serious side of life, every one of these fleeting forms, these empty fancies, must be paid for by the whole will to live, in all its activity, with many and deep sufferings, and finally with a bitter death, long feared and coming at last.
然而，这就是生命严肃的一面，每一种转瞬即逝的形式，这些空洞的幻想，都必须用整个生存意志，在其所有活动中，以许多深重的痛苦，最后以苦涩的代价来付出代价。长久以来令人恐惧的死亡终于来临了。
This is why the sight of a corpse makes us suddenly so serious.
这就是为什么看到尸体会让我们突然变得如此严肃。
 The life of every individual, if we survey it as a whole and in general, and only lay stress upon its most significant features, is really always a tragedy, but gone through in detail, it has the character of a comedy.
每个人的生活，如果我们从整体上、从总体上看，只注重其最显着的特征，其实总是一场悲剧，但细究起来，却又具有喜剧的性质。
For the deeds and vexations of the day, the restless irritation of the moment, the desires and fears of the week, the mishaps of every hour, are all through chance, which is ever bent upon some jest, scenes of a comedy.
因为一天中的行为和烦恼，一时的焦躁不安，一周的欲望和恐惧，每一个小时的不幸，都是偶然的，而偶然总是偏向于一些笑话和喜剧场景。
But the never-satisfied wishes, the frustrated efforts, the hopes unmercifully crushed by fate, the unfortunate errors of the whole life, with increasing suffering and death at the end, are always a tragedy.
但从未满足的愿望，受挫的努力，被命运无情粉碎的希望，一生不幸的错误，以及越来越多的痛苦和最终的死亡，始终是一场悲剧。
Thus, as if fate would add derision to the misery of our existence, our life must contain all the woes of tragedy, and yet we cannot even assert the dignity of tragic characters, but in the broad detail of life must inevitably be the foolish characters of a comedy.
因此，仿佛命运会嘲笑我们存在的痛苦一样，我们的生活必然包含着悲剧的所有不幸，但我们甚至不能维护悲剧人物的尊严，而在生活的广泛细节中必然不可避免地存在愚蠢的人物一部喜剧。
 But however much great and small trials may fill human life, they are not able to conceal its insufficiency to satisfy the spirit; they cannot hide the emptiness and superficiality of existence, nor exclude ennui, which is always ready to fill up every pause that care may allow.
然而，无论人的生活充满多少大大小小的考验，都无法掩盖其不足以满足精神的需要；他们无法隐藏存在的空虚和肤浅，也无法排除倦怠，这种倦怠总是准备好填补关心可能允许的每一个停顿。
Hence it arises that the human mind, not content with the cares, anxieties, and occupations which the actual world lays upon it, creates for itself an imaginary world also in the form of a thousand different superstitions, then finds all manner of employment with this, and wastes time and strength upon it, as soon as the real world is willing to grant it the rest which it is quite incapable of enjoying.
因此，人类的心灵不满足于现实世界所施加的忧虑、焦虑和忙碌，为自己创造了一个同样以一千种不同迷信形式存在的想象世界，然后找到各种方式来利用这个世界。 ，并在其上浪费时间和精力，一旦现实世界愿意给予它它完全无法享受的休息。
This is accordingly most markedly the case with nations for which life is made easy by the congenial nature of the climate and the soil, most of all with the Hindus, then with the Greeks, the Romans, and later with the Italians, the Spaniards, &c.
因此，对于那些因气候和土壤的适宜性质而使生活变得轻松的民族来说，情况最为明显，其中最重要的是印度人，然后是希腊人、罗马人，后来是意大利人、西班牙人， ＆C。
Demons, gods, and saints man creates in his own image; and to them he must then unceasingly bring offerings, prayers, temple decorations, vows and their fulfilment, pilgrimages, salutations, ornaments for their images, &c.
人类按照自己的形象创造了恶魔、神灵和圣人；然后，他必须不断地为他们带来供品、祈祷、寺庙装饰、誓言及其履行、朝圣、致敬、雕像装饰等。
Their service mingles everywhere with the real, and, indeed, obscures it.
他们的服务处处与现实混杂在一起，而且确实掩盖了现实。
Every event of life is regarded as the work of these beings; the intercourse with them occupies half the time of life, constantly sustains hope, and by the charm of illusion often becomes more interesting than intercourse with real beings.
生命中的每一件事都被视为这些生命的工作；与他们的交往占据了人生的一半时间，不断地维持着希望，并且在幻象的魅力下往往变得比与真实存在的交往更有趣。
It is the expression and symptom of the actual need of mankind, partly for help and support, partly for occupation and diversion; and if it often works in direct opposition to the first need, because when accidents and dangers arise valuable time and strength, instead of being directed to warding them off, are uselessly wasted on prayers and offerings; it serves the second end all the better by this imaginary converse with a visionary spirit world; and this is the by no means contemptible gain of all superstitions.
它是人类实际需要的表现和症状，部分是为了帮助和支持，部分是为了占领和消遣；如果它经常与最初的需要直接相反，因为当事故和危险出现时，宝贵的时间和精力不是用来抵御它们的，而是无用地浪费在祈祷和奉献上；通过与幻想的精神世界的想象对话，它更好地服务于第二个目的。这绝不是所有迷信的可鄙的收获。
 § 59.
 §59.
If we have so far convinced ourselves _a priori_, by the most general consideration, by investigation of the primary and elemental features of human life, that in its whole plan it is capable of no true blessedness, but is in its very nature suffering in various forms, and throughout a state of misery, we might now awaken this conviction much more vividly within us if, proceeding more _a posteriori_, we were to turn to more definite instances, call up pictures to the fancy, and illustrate by examples the unspeakable misery which experience and history present, wherever one may look and in whatever direction one may seek.
如果我们到目前为止已经先验地说服了自己，通过最普遍的考虑，通过对人类生活的主要和基本特征的研究，就其整个计划而言，它不可能获得真正的幸福，而在其本质上却在各种方面遭受痛苦。形式，并且在整个痛苦的状态中，如果我们更多地进行后验，我们现在可以更生动地唤醒我们内心的这种信念，我们转向更明确的实例，调出图片来想象，并通过例子来说明难以言喻的痛苦无论人们向何处看，无论朝什么方向寻找，经验和历史都会呈现出来。
But the chapter would have no end, and would carry us far from the standpoint of the universal, which is essential to philosophy; and, moreover, such a description might easily be taken for a mere declamation on human misery, such as has often been given, and, as such, might be charged with one-sidedness, because it started from particular facts.
但这一章不会结束，并且会使我们远离普遍性的观点，而普遍性的观点对于哲学来说是至关重要的。此外，这种描述很容易被视为仅仅是对人类苦难的宣讲，正如人们经常提出的那样，因此，可能会被指责为片面的，因为它是从特定的事实出发的。
From such a reproach and suspicion our perfectly cold and philosophical investigation of the inevitable suffering which is founded in the nature of life is free, for it starts from the universal and is conducted _a priori_.
从这样的责备和怀疑中，我们对生命本质中不可避免的痛苦进行完全冷酷的哲学研究是自由的，因为它从普遍性出发，是先验地进行的。
But confirmation _a posteriori_ is everywhere easily obtained.
但事后确认随处都可以轻松获得。
Every one who has awakened from the first dream of youth, who has considered his own experience and that of others, who has studied himself in life, in the history of the past and of his own time, and finally in the works of the great poets, will, if his judgment is not paralysed by some indelibly imprinted prejudice, certainly arrive at the conclusion that this human world is the kingdom of chance and error, which rule without mercy in great things and in small, and along with which folly and wickedness also wield the scourge.
每一个从青年时代的第一个梦想中醒来的人，考虑过自己和他人的经历的人，在生活中、在过去的历史和自己时代中研究自己的人，最后在伟大的著作中研究自己的人。诗人，如果他的判断没有被某种不可磨灭的偏见所麻痹的话，肯定会得出这样的结论：这个人类世界是机会和错误的王国，它们在大事和小事上都毫不留情地统治着，随之而来的是愚蠢和错误。邪恶也挥舞着祸害。
Hence it arises that everything better only struggles through with difficulty; what is noble and wise seldom attains to expression, becomes effective and claims attention, but the absurd and the perverse in the sphere of thought, the dull and tasteless in the sphere of art, the wicked and deceitful in the sphere of action, really assert a supremacy, only disturbed by short interruptions.
因此，一切美好的事都需要艰难地奋斗才能实现。高尚而明智的东西很少能够表达出来，变得有效并引人注目，但思想领域的荒谬和反常，艺术领域的乏味和无味，行动领域的邪恶和欺骗，真正断言一种至高无上的地位，只会受到短暂的中断的干扰。
On the other hand, everything that is excellent is always a mere exception, one case in millions, and therefore, if it presents itself in a lasting work, this, when it has outlived the enmity of its contemporaries, exists in isolation, is preserved like a meteoric stone, sprung from an order of things different from that which prevails here.
另一方面，一切优秀的事物都只是例外，是千百万个例子，因此，如果它以一部持久的作品呈现，当它超越了同时代人的敌意时，它就会孤立地存在，并被保存下来。就像一块流星石，源自与这里普遍存在的事物不同的秩序。
But as far as the life of the individual is concerned, every biography is the history of suffering, for every life is, as a rule, a continual series of great and small misfortunes, which each one conceals as much as possible, because he knows that others can seldom feel sympathy or compassion, but almost always satisfaction at the sight of the woes from which they are themselves for the moment exempt.
但就个人的生活而言，每一部传记都是苦难的历史，因为每一个生命通常都是一系列大大小小的不幸的连续不断的，每个人都尽可能地隐藏这些不幸，因为他知道其他人很少能感受到同情或同情，但几乎总是在看到自己暂时摆脱困境时感到满足。
But perhaps at the end of life, if a man is sincere and in full possession of his faculties, he will never wish to have it to live over again, but rather than this, he will much prefer absolute annihilation.
但也许在生命的尽头，如果一个人是真诚的，并且完全拥有他的能力，他将永远不会希望再活一次，但与其这样，他更愿意绝对的毁灭。
The essential content of the famous soliloquy in “Hamlet” is briefly this: Our state is so wretched that absolute annihilation would be decidedly preferable.
《哈姆雷特》中那句著名的独白的主要内容简述如下：我们的国家如此悲惨，绝对的毁灭无疑是更好的选择。
If suicide really offered us this, so that the alternative “to be or not to be,” in the full sense of the word, was placed before us, then it would be unconditionally to be chosen as “a consummation devoutly to be wished.” But there is something in us which tells us that this is not the case: suicide is not the end; death is not absolute annihilation.
如果自杀确实为我们提供了这一点，那么，“存在或不存在”的选择，就这个词的完整意义而言，被摆在我们面前，那么它就会无条件地被选择为“虔诚地希望的圆满”。 ”但我们内心深处有某种东西告诉我们事实并非如此：自杀并不是终点；自杀并不是终点。死亡并不是绝对的毁灭。
In like manner, what was said by the father of history(71) has not since him been contradicted, that no man has ever lived who has not wished more than once that he had not to live the following day.
同样，历史之父（71）所说的话自他以来一直没有被矛盾过，即没有一个人不曾不止一次地希望自己第二天不必活着。
According to this, the brevity of life, which is so constantly lamented, may be the best quality it possesses.
由此看来，生命的短暂或许正是生命所拥有的最好的品质。
If, finally, we should bring clearly to a man’s sight the terrible sufferings and miseries to which his life is constantly exposed, he would be seized with horror; and if we were to conduct the confirmed optimist through the hospitals, infirmaries, and surgical operating-rooms, through the prisons, torture-chambers, and slave-kennels, over battle-fields and places of execution; if we were to open to him all the dark abodes of misery, where it hides itself from the glance of cold curiosity, and, finally, allow him to glance into the starving dungeon of Ugolino, he, too, would understand at last the nature of this “best of possible worlds.” For whence did Dante take the materials for his hell but from this our actual world? And yet he made a very proper hell of it.
最后，如果我们让一个人清楚地看到他的生活中不断遭受的可怕的痛苦和痛苦，他会感到恐惧；如果我们要带领坚定的乐观主义者穿过医院、医务室和外科手术室，穿过监狱、酷刑室和奴隶坑，穿过战场和行刑场；如果我们向他敞开所有痛苦的黑暗居所，在那里，它隐藏着冷酷好奇的目光，最后，让他瞥见乌戈利诺饥饿的地牢，他也将最终了解本质这个“可能的世界中最好的”。但丁从我们的现实世界中获取地狱材料是从哪里来的呢？然而他却把这件事搞得一团糟。
And when, on the other hand, he came to the task of describing heaven and its delights, he had an insurmountable difficulty before him, for our world affords no materials at all for this.
另一方面，当他开始描述天堂及其欢乐时，他面临着一个无法克服的困难，因为我们的世界根本没有提供任何材料。
Therefore there remained nothing for him to do but, instead of describing the joys of paradise, to repeat to us the instruction given him there by his ancestor, by Beatrice, and by various saints.
因此，他没有什么可做的，除了向我们重复他的祖先、比阿特丽斯和各个圣人给他的指示，而不是描述天堂的欢乐。
But from this it is sufficiently clear what manner of world it is.
但由此可见，这是一个什么样的世界。
Certainly human life, like all bad ware, is covered over with a false lustre: what suffers always conceals itself; on the other hand, whatever pomp or splendour any one can get, he makes a show of openly, and the more inner contentment deserts him, the more he desires to exist as fortunate in the opinion of others: to such an extent does folly go, and the opinion of others is a chief aim of the efforts of every one, although the utter nothingness of it is expressed in the fact that in almost all languages vanity, _vanitas_, originally signifies emptiness and nothingness.
当然，人类的生活，就像所有劣质的商品一样，都蒙上了一层虚假的光泽：苦难总是隐藏着自己；苦难总是隐藏着自己。另一方面，无论一个人能得到什么盛况或辉煌，他都会公开炫耀，他越是内心满足，他就越渴望在别人看来是幸运的：到了这种程度，愚蠢就行了。 ，而他人的意见是每个人努力的主要目标，尽管它的完全虚无表现在以下事实：在几乎所有语言中，虚荣，_vanitas_，最初意味着空虚和虚无。
But under all this false show, the miseries of life can so increase—and this happens every day—that the death which hitherto has been feared above all things is eagerly seized upon.
但在所有这些虚假的表现之下，生活的痛苦会如此增加——这种情况每天都在发生——以至于迄今为止最令人恐惧的死亡被急切地抓住。
Indeed, if fate will show its whole malice, even this refuge is denied to the sufferer, and, in the hands of enraged enemies, he may remain exposed to terrible and slow tortures without remedy.
事实上，如果命运将其全部恶意展现出来，那么即使受害者也无法获得这种避难所，而且在愤怒的敌人手中，他可能会继续遭受可怕而缓慢的折磨，而无法补救。
In vain the sufferer then calls on his gods for help; he remains exposed to his fate without grace.
受苦者向神灵求助，但徒劳无功。他仍然毫无恩典地接受自己的命运。
But this irremediableness is only the mirror of the invincible nature of his will, of which his person is the objectivity.
但这种无可挽回只是他的意志不可战胜的本质的镜子，而他本人就是其客观性。
As little as an external power can change or suppress this will, so little can a foreign power deliver it from the miseries which proceed from the life which is the phenomenal appearance of that will.
正如外部力量无法改变或压制这种意志一样，外部力量也无法将其从作为该意志的现象性表现的生活所带来的痛苦中解救出来。
In the principal matter, as in everything else, a man is always thrown back upon himself.
在主要问题上，就像在其他一切事情上一样，一个人总是会陷入困境。
In vain does he make to himself gods in order to get from them by prayers and flattery what can only be accomplished by his own will-power.
他为自己创造神，以便通过祈祷和奉承从神那里得到只有通过他自己的意志力才能完成的事情，这是徒劳的。
The Old Testament made the world and man the work of a god, but the New Testament saw that, in order to teach that holiness and salvation from the sorrows of this world can only come from the world itself, it was necessary that this god should become man.
《旧约》将世界和人类视为上帝的作品，但《新约》则认为，为了教导人们从这个世界的悲伤中获得圣洁和救赎只能来自世界本身，这位上帝必须成为男人。
It is and remains the will of man upon which everything depends for him.
它现在是、并且仍然是人的意志，一切都取决于人的意志。
Fanatics, martyrs, saints of every faith and name, have voluntarily and gladly endured every torture, because in them the will to live had suppressed itself; and then even the slow destruction of its phenomenon was welcome to them.
狂热分子、殉道者、各种信仰和名字的圣人，都自愿并愉快地忍受了一切折磨，因为在他们身上，求生的意愿已经被压抑了。然后，即使是其现象的缓慢破坏，他们也是受欢迎的。
But I do not wish to anticipate the later exposition.
但我不想期待稍后的阐述。
For the rest, I cannot here avoid the statement that, to me, _optimism_, when it is not merely the thoughtless talk of such as harbour nothing but words under their low foreheads, appears not merely as an absurd, but also as a really _wicked_ way of thinking, as a bitter mockery of the unspeakable suffering of humanity.
至于其余的，我在这里不能回避这样的说法：对我来说，乐观主义，当它不仅仅是那些低下的额头下除了言语之外一无所有的人的轻率言论时，它不仅显得荒谬，而且显得非常邪恶。的思维方式，作为对人类难以言喻的苦难的辛辣嘲讽。
Let no one think that Christianity is favourable to optimism; for, on the contrary, in the Gospels world and evil are used as almost synonymous.(72)  § 60.
不要让任何人认为基督教有利于乐观主义；因为，相反，在福音书世界中，邪恶几乎被用作同义词。(72) § 60。
We have now completed the two expositions it was necessary to insert; the exposition of the freedom of the will in itself together with the necessity of its phenomenon, and the exposition of its lot in the world which reflects its own nature, and upon the knowledge of which it has to assert or deny itself.
我们现在已经完成了需要插入的两个阐述；意志本身的自由及其现象的必然性的阐述，以及它在世界上的命运的阐述，反映了它自己的本质，并且根据它必须断言或否定自己的知识。
Therefore we can now proceed to bring out more clearly the nature of this assertion and denial itself, which was referred to and explained in a merely general way above.
因此，我们现在可以更清楚地阐明上述断言和否认本身的性质，上面仅以一般方式提到和解释了这一点。
This we shall do by exhibiting the conduct in which alone it finds its expression, and considering it in its inner significance.
为此，我们将展示其唯一表达的行为，并考虑其内在意义。
 The _assertion of the will_ is the continuous willing itself, undisturbed by any knowledge, as it fills the life of man in general.
意志的坚持是持续的意志本身，不受任何知识的干扰，因为它普遍存在于人类的生活中。
For even the body of a man is the objectivity of the will, as it appears at this grade and in this individual.
因为即使是一个人的身体也是意志的客观性，正如它在这个等级和这个个体中所显现的那样。
And thus his willing which develops itself in time is, as it were, a paraphrase of his body, an elucidation of the significance of the whole and its parts; it is another way of exhibiting the same thing-in-itself, of which the body is already the phenomenon.
因此，随着时间的推移，他的意志自行发展起来，可以说是对他的身体的解释，是对整体及其部分意义的阐释。这是展示同一物自体的另一种方式，而身体已经是其现象。
Therefore, instead of saying assertion of the will, we may say assertion of the body.
因此，我们可以说身体的主张，而不是意志的主张。
The fundamental theme or subject of all the multifarious acts of will is the satisfaction of the wants which are inseparable from the existence of the body in health, they already have their expression in it, and may be referred to the maintenance of the individual and the propagation of the species.
所有各种各样的意志行为的基本主题或主题是满足需要，这些需要与健康的身体的存在密不可分，它们已经在身体中得到了表达，并且可以被称为维持个人和社会。物种的繁殖。
But indirectly the most different kinds of motives obtain in this way power over the will, and bring about the most multifarious acts of will.
但是，最不同种类的动机通过这种方式间接地获得了对意志的力量，并带来了最多种多样的意志行为。
Each of these is only an example, an instance, of the will which here manifests itself generally.
其中每一个都只是这里普遍表现出来的意志的一个例子、一个实例。
Of what nature this example may be, what form the motive may have and impart to it, is not essential; the important point here is that something is willed in general and the degree of intensity with which it is so willed.
这个例子的性质是什么，动机可能具有什么形式并赋予它什么形式，这些并不重要；这里重要的一点是，某件事通常是有意愿的，以及这种意愿的强烈程度。
The will can only become visible in the motives, as the eye only manifests its power of seeing in the light.
意志只能在动机中显现出来，正如眼睛只能在光中显现其看见的能力一样。
The motive in general stands before the will in protean forms.
一般来说，动机以千变万化的形式出现在意志面前。
It constantly promises complete satisfaction, the quenching of the thirst of will.
它不断地承诺完全的满足，满足意志的渴求。
But whenever it is attained it at once appears in another form, and thus influences the will anew, always according to the degree of the intensity of this will, and its relation to knowledge which are revealed as empirical character, in these very examples and instances.
但每当它达到时，它就会立即以另一种形式出现，从而重新影响意志，总是根据这种意志的强度程度，以及它与知识的关系，在这些例子和实例中，知识被揭示为经验特征。
 From the first appearance of consciousness, a man finds himself a willing being, and as a rule, his knowledge remains in constant relation to his will.
从意识第一次出现开始，一个人就发现自己是一个自愿的存在，并且通常来说，他的知识始终与他的意志相关。
He first seeks to know thoroughly the objects of his desire, and then the means of attaining them.
他首先寻求彻底了解自己渴望的目标，然后才是实现这些目标的方法。
Now he knows what he has to do, and, as a rule, he does not strive after other knowledge.
现在他知道他必须做什么，而且通常他不会去追求其他知识。
He moves and acts; his consciousness keeps him always working directly and actively towards the aims of his will; his thought is concerned with the choice of motives.
他行动、行动；他的意识使他始终直接、积极地朝着他的意志目标努力；他的思想与动机的选择有关。
Such is life for almost all men; they wish, they know what they wish, and they strive after it, with sufficient success to keep them from despair, and sufficient failure to keep them from ennui and its consequences.
这就是几乎所有男人的生活。他们希望，他们知道自己想要什么，并为之奋斗，足够的成功使他们免于绝望，足够的失败使他们免于厌倦及其后果。
From this proceeds a certain serenity, or at least indifference, which cannot be affected by wealth or poverty; for the rich and the poor do not enjoy what they have, for this, as we have shown, acts in a purely negative way, but what they hope to attain to by their efforts.
由此产生某种平静，或至少是冷漠，不受财富或贫穷的影响；因为富人和穷人并不享受他们所拥有的东西，因为正如我们所表明的那样，这纯粹是消极的，而是他们希望通过自己的努力获得的东西。
They press forward with much earnestness, and indeed with an air of importance; thus children also pursue their play.
他们非常热诚地前进，甚至带着一种重要的神气。因此，孩子们也追求他们的游戏。
It is always an exception if such a life suffers interruption from the fact that either the æsthetic demand for contemplation or the ethical demand for renunciation proceed from a knowledge which is independent of the service of the will, and directed to the nature of the world in general.
如果这样的生活因为沉思的审美要求或放弃的道德要求源自一种独立于意志的知识而受到干扰，那么这始终是一个例外，而这种知识是针对世界的本质的。一般的。
Most men are pursued by want all through life, without ever being allowed to come to their senses.
大多数人一生都被匮乏所困扰，却从未清醒过来。
On the other hand, the will is often inflamed to a degree that far transcends the assertion of the body, and then violent emotions and powerful passions show themselves, in which the individual not only asserts his own existence, but denies and seeks to suppress that of others when it stands in his way.
另一方面，意志常常被激怒到远远超越身体主张的程度，然后出现强烈的情绪和强烈的激情，个体不仅主张自己的存在，而且否认并试图压制这种存在。当其他人妨碍他时。
 The maintenance of the body through its own powers is so small a degree of the assertion of will, that if it voluntarily remains at this degree, we might assume that, with the death of this body, the will also which appeared in it would be extinguished.
通过身体自身的力量来维持身体，在意志的主张程度上是如此之小，以至于如果它自愿保持在这个程度，我们可以假设，随着这个身体的死亡，出现在其中的意志也会消失。熄灭了。
But even the satisfaction of the sexual passions goes beyond the assertion of one’s own existence, which fills so short a time, and asserts life for an indefinite time after the death of the individual.
但即使是性激情的满足也超越了对自己存在的断言，它占据了如此短暂的时间，并且在个体死亡后断言了无限期的生命。
Nature, always true and consistent, here even naïve, exhibits to us openly the inner significance of the act of generation.
自然，总是真实而一致的，在这里甚至是幼稚的，公开地向我们展示了生成行为的内在意义。
Our own consciousness, the intensity of the impulse, teaches us that in this act the most decided _assertion of the will to live_ expresses itself, pure and without further addition (any denial of other individuals); and now, as the consequence of this act, a new life appears in time and the causal series, _i.e._, in nature; the begotten appears before the begetter, different as regards the phenomenon, but in himself, _i.e._, according to the Idea, identical with him.
我们自己的意识，即冲动的强度，告诉我们，在这种行为中，最坚决的“生存意愿的主张”表达了自己，纯粹的，没有进一步的添加（对其他个体的任何否认）；现在，作为这一行为的结果，新的生命出现在时间和因果序列中，即自然界中；受生者出现在受生者面前，在现象上有所不同，但在他自己身上，也就是说，根据理念，与他相同。
Therefore it is this act through which every species of living creature binds itself to a whole and is perpetuated.
因此，正是通过这种行为，每种生物都将自己与一个整体结合起来并得以永存。
Generation is, with reference to the begetter, only the expression, the symptom, of his decided assertion of the will to live: with reference to the begotten, it is not the cause of the will which appears in him, for the will in itself knows neither cause nor effect, but, like all causes, it is merely the occasional cause of the phenomenal appearance of this will at this time in this place.
就生者而言，生成只是他对生存意志的坚决主张的表达和征兆：就受生者而言，它并不是出现在他身上的意志的原因，因为意志本身既不知道原因，也不知道结果，但是，像所有原因一样，它只是这个意志在此时此地现象出现的偶然原因。
As thing-in-itself, the will of the begetter and that of the begotten are not different, for only the phenomenon, not the thing-in-itself, is subordinate to the _principim individuationis_.
作为自在之物，生者的意志和被生者的意志并无不同，因为只有现象而非自在之物从属于个体化原则。
With that assertion beyond our own body and extending to the production of a new body, suffering and death, as belonging to the phenomenon of life, have also been asserted anew, and the possibility of salvation, introduced by the completest capability of knowledge, has for this time been shown to be fruitless.
随着这种超越我们自己的身体并延伸到新身体的产生的断言，属于生命现象的痛苦和死亡也被重新断言，并且由最完整的知识能力引入的救赎的可能性也被重新断言。这一次已被证明是徒劳的。
Here lies the profound reason of the shame connected with the process of generation.
这就是与生成过程有关的耻辱的深刻原因。
This view is mythically expressed in the dogma of Christian theology that we are all partakers in Adam’s first transgression (which is clearly just the satisfaction of sexual passion), and through it are guilty of suffering and death.
这种观点在基督教神学的教条中被神话地表达出来，即我们都参与了亚当的第一次犯罪（这显然只是性激情的满足），并因此而犯有痛苦和死亡。
In this theology goes beyond the consideration of things according to the principle of sufficient reason, and recognises the Idea of man, the unity of which is re-established out of its dispersion into innumerable individuals through the bond of generation which holds them all together.
在这种神学中，超越了根据充分理性原则对事物的考虑，并承认人的理念，人的统一性是通过将所有人结合在一起的世代纽带从分散到无数个体中重新建立起来的。
Accordingly it regards every individual as on one side identical with Adam, the representative of the assertion of life, and, so far, as subject to sin (original sin), suffering, and death; on the other side, the knowledge of the Idea of man enables it to regard every individual as identical with the saviour, the representative of the denial of the will to live, and, so far as a partaker of his sacrifice of himself, saved through his merits, and delivered from the bands of sin and death, _i.e._, the world (Rom.
因此，它认为每一个人在一方面与亚当相同，亚当是生命主张的代表，并且到目前为止，都受到罪（原罪）、痛苦和死亡的影响；另一方面，对人的理念的了解使其能够将每个个体视为救世主，是对生存意志的否定的代表，并且，就其自我牺牲的一部分而言，是通过拯救而获得拯救的。他的功德，并从罪恶和死亡的束缚中被拯救出来，即世界（罗马书
v.
v.
12-21).
12-21）。
 Another mythical exposition of our view of sexual pleasure as the assertion of the will to live beyond the individual life, as an attainment to life which is brought about for the first time by this means, or as it were a renewed assignment of life, is the Greek myth of Proserpine, who might return from the lower world so long as she had not tasted its fruit, but who became subject to it altogether through eating the pomegranate.
我们对性快感的看法的另一种神话性解释是，性快感是超越个人生活的意志的主张，是通过这种方式首次实现的生活成就，或者可以说是生命的更新分配。希腊神话中的普罗瑟芬（Proserpine），只要她没有尝到石榴的果实，她就可能从下层世界回来，但通过吃了石榴，她就完全受到了它的影响。
This meaning appears very clearly in Goethe’s incomparable presentation of this myth, especially when, as soon as she has tasted the pomegranate, the invisible chorus of the Fates—                       “Thou art ours!     Fasting shouldest thou return:     And the bite of the apple makes thee ours!”   It is worth noticing that Clement of Alexandria (Strom.
这个意义在歌德对这个神话的无与伦比的表述中表现得非常清楚，尤其是当她一尝到石榴的时候，命运女神无形的合唱——“你是我们的！你应该禁食回来：咬一口苹果，你就属于我们了！”值得注意的是亚历山大的克莱门特（Strom.
iii.
三.
c.
C。
15) illustrates the matter with the same image and the same expression: Οἱ μεν ευνουχισαντες ἑαυτους απο πασης ἁμαρτιας, δια την βασιλειαν, των ουρανων, μακαριοι οὑτοι εισιν, οἱ του κοσμου νηστευοντες; (_Qui se castrarunt ab omni peccato propter regnum cœlorum, ii sunt beati, a mundo jejunantes_).
15）用同样的形象和同样的表达来说明这个问题：那些为了天国的缘故而阉割了自己所有罪恶的人，以及那些从世界中禁食的人是有福的吗？ （_Qui se castrarunt abomni peccato propter regnum coelorum, ii sunt beati, a mundo jejunantes_）。
 The sexual impulse also proves itself the decided and strongest assertion of life by the fact that to man in a state of nature, as to the brutes, it is the final end, the highest goal of life.
性冲动也证明自己是生命的决定性和最强烈的主张，因为对于处于自然状态的人来说，就像对于畜生一样，性冲动是生命的最终目的、最高目标。
Self-maintenance is his first effort, and as soon as he has made provision for that, he only strives after the propagation of the species: as a merely natural being he can attempt no more.
自我维持是他的首要努力，一旦他做好了准备，他就只为物种的繁衍而努力：作为纯粹的自然存在，他不能再尝试了。
Nature also, the inner being of which is the will to live itself, impels with all her power both man and the brute towards propagation.
同样，自然的内在存在就是生存的意志，它用她的全部力量推动人和动物繁衍。
Then it has attained its end with the individual, and is quite indifferent to its death, for, as the will to live, it cares only for the preservation of the species, the individual is nothing to it.
那么它就与个体一起达到了它的目的，并且对它的死亡完全漠不关心，因为作为生存的意志，它只关心物种的保存，个体对它来说毫无意义。
Because the will to live expresses itself most strongly in the sexual impulse, the inner being of nature, the old poets and philosophers—Hesiod and Parmenides—said very significantly that Eros is the first, the creator, the principle from which all things proceed.
因为生存意志在性冲动、自然的内在存在中表现得最为强烈，所以古代诗人和哲学家——赫西奥德和巴门尼德——非常有意义地表示，爱欲是第一位的，是创造者，是万物发生的原则。
(Cf.
（参见。
Arist.
阿里斯特。
Metaph., i.
隐喻，i。
4.) Pherecydes said: Εις ερωτα μεταβεβλησθαι τον Δια, μελλοντα δημιουργειν (_Jovem, cum mundum fabricare vellet, in cupidinem sese transformasse_).
4.) Pherecydes 说：Εις ερωτα μεταβεβλησθαι τον Δια, μελλοντα δημιουργειν (_Jovem, cum mundum Fabricare vellet, in cupidinem sese transformasse_)。
_Proclus ad Plat.
_Proclus 广告平台。
Tim._, l.
蒂姆._，l.
iii.
三.
A complete treatment of this subject we have recently received from G.
我们最近从 G 那里收到了对这个主题的完整处理。
F.
F。
Schœmann, “_De Cupidine Cosmogonico_,” 1852.
舍曼，《De Cupidine Cosmogonico》，1852 年。
The Mâya of the Hindus, whose work and web is the whole world of illusion, is also symbolised by love.
印度教徒的玛雅人的作品和网络是整个幻象世界，也以爱为象征。
 The genital organs are, far more than any other external member of the body, subject merely to the will, and not at all to knowledge.
生殖器官比身体的任何其他外部器官都更受意志的支配，而根本不受知识的支配。
Indeed, the will shows itself here almost as independent of knowledge, as in those parts which, acting merely in consequence of stimuli, are subservient to vegetative life and reproduction, in which the will works blindly as in unconscious nature.
事实上，在这里，意志几乎与知识一样独立，就像在那些仅受刺激而起作用、服从于植物生命和繁殖的部分一样，在这些部分中，意志像在无意识的自然中一样盲目地运作。
For generation is only reproduction passing over to a new individual, as it were reproduction at the second power, as death is only excretion at the second power.
因为生成只是传递给新个体的繁殖，就像二次方的繁殖一样，正如死亡只是二次方的排泄一样。
According to all this, the genitals are properly the _focus_ of will, and consequently the opposite pole of the brain, the representative of knowledge, _i.e._, the other side of the world, the world as idea.
根据这一切，生殖器恰好是意志的“焦点”，因此是大脑的另一极，知识的代表，即世界的另一面，作为观念的世界。
The former are the life-sustaining principle ensuring endless life to time.
前者是保证生命不息的生命维持原理。
In this respect they were worshipped by the Greeks in the _phallus_, and by the Hindus in the _lingam_, which are thus the symbol of the assertion of the will.
在这方面，希腊人以阳具崇拜它们，印度教徒以林伽崇拜它们，因此它们是意志主张的象征。
Knowledge, on the other hand, affords the possibility of the suppression of willing, of salvation through freedom, of conquest and annihilation of the world.
另一方面，知识提供了抑制意志、通过自由获得救赎、征服和消灭世界的可能性。
 We already considered fully at the beginning of this Fourth Book how the will to live in its assertion must regard its relation to death.
我们在第四本书的开头就已经充分考虑了生存意志在其主张中必须如何考虑它与死亡的关系。
We saw that death does not trouble it, because it exists as something included in life itself and belonging to it.
我们看到死亡并不困扰它，因为它作为包含在生命本身中并属于生命的东西而存在。
Its opposite, generation, completely counterbalances it; and, in spite of the death of the individual, ensures and guarantees life to the will to live through all time.
它的对立面，一代，完全抵消了它；并且，尽管个体死亡，但仍确保并保证了生存意志的生命。
To express this the Hindus made the _lingam_ an attribute of Siva, the god of death.
为了表达这一点，印度教徒将林加姆定为死神湿婆的属性。
We also fully explained there how he who with full consciousness occupies the standpoint of the decided assertion of life awaits death without fear.
我们在那里也充分地解释了，一个拥有全意识的人如何站在生命的坚决主张的立场上，如何无所畏惧地等待死亡。
We shall therefore say nothing more about this here.
因此，我们在此不再多说。
Without clear consciousness most men occupy this standpoint and continually assert life.
大多数人在没有清晰的意识的情况下都持有这种立场并不断地主张生命。
The world exists as the mirror of this assertion, with innumerable individuals in infinite time and space, in infinite suffering, between generation and death without end.
世界就像这个断言的镜子一样存在，无数的个体在无限的时间和空间中，在无限的痛苦中，在生与死之间永无休止。
Yet from no side is a complaint to be further raised about this; for the will conducts the great tragedy and comedy at its own expense, and is also its own spectator.
然而，没有人对此提出进一步的抱怨；因为意志以自己的代价来演绎伟大的悲剧和喜剧，同时也是它自己的旁观者。
The world is just what it is because the will, whose manifestation it is, is what it is, because it so wills.
世界之所以如此，是因为意志——其表现形式——就是如此，因为它如此意志。
The justification of suffering is, that in this phenomenon also the will asserts itself; and this assertion is justified and balanced by the fact that the will bears the suffering.
痛苦的合理性在于，在这种现象中，意志也坚持了自己的主张。意志承受痛苦这一事实证明了这一主张的合理性和平衡性。
Here we get a glimpse of _eternal justice_ in the whole: we shall recognise it later more definitely and distinctly, and also in the particular.
在这里，我们从整体上瞥见了“永恒的正义”：稍后我们将更明确、更清楚地认识到它，而且在具体方面也是如此。
But first we must consider temporal or human justice.(73)  § 61.
但首先我们必须考虑世俗正义或人类正义。(73) § 61。
It may be remembered from the Second Book that in the whole of nature, at all the grades of the objectification of will, there was a necessary and constant conflict between the individuals of all species; and in this way was expressed the inner contradiction of the will to live with itself.
从第二本书中可能还记得，在整个自然中，在意志客体化的所有等级中，所有物种的个体之间都存在着必要的、持续的冲突。以此方式表达了与自身相处的意愿的内在矛盾。
At the highest grade of the objectification, this phenomenon, like all others, will exhibit itself with greater distinctness, and will therefore be more easily explained.
在客观化的最高等级中，这种现象与所有其他现象一样，将更加明显地表现出来，因此更容易解释。
With this aim we shall next attempt to trace the source of _egoism_ as the starting-point of all conflict.
带着这个目标，我们接下来将尝试追踪作为所有冲突起点的_利己主义_的根源。
 We have called time and space the _principium individuationis_, because only through them and in them is multiplicity of the homogeneous possible.
我们将时间和空间称为“个体化原则”，因为只有通过它们并在它们之中，同质性才可能具有多重性。
They are the essential forms of natural knowledge, _i.e._, knowledge springing from the will.
它们是自然知识的基本形式，即源于意志的知识。
Therefore the will everywhere manifests itself in the multiplicity of individuals.
因此，意志随处体现在个体的多样性中。
But this multiplicity does not concern the will as thing-in-itself, but only its phenomena.
但这种多样性并不涉及作为自在之物的意志，而只涉及其现象。
The will itself is present, whole and undivided, in every one of these, and beholds around it the innumerably repeated image of its own nature; but this nature itself, the actually real, it finds directly only in its inner self.
意志本身是存在的，完整的，不可分割的，存在于其中的每一个之中，并且在它周围看到了它自身本质的无数重复的形象。但这种本质本身，实际上是真实的，它只能直接在其内在自我中找到。
Therefore every one desires everything for himself, desires to possess, or at least to control, everything, and whatever opposes it it would like to destroy.
因此，每个人都渴望为自己拥有一切，渴望拥有，或者至少控制一切，并且想要摧毁一切反对它的东西。
To this is added, in the case of such beings as have knowledge, that the individual is the supporter of the knowing subject, and the knowing subject is the supporter of the world, _i.e._, that the whole of Nature outside the knowing subject, and thus also all other individuals, exist only in its idea; it is only conscious of them as its idea, thus merely indirectly as something which is dependent on its own nature and existence; for with its consciousness the world necessarily disappears for it, _i.e._, its being and non-being become synonymous and indistinguishable.
除此之外，就拥有知识的生物而言，个体是认知主体的支持者，而认知主体是世界的支持者，即，除了世界之外的整个自然。认识主体，以及所有其他个体，都只存在于它的观念中；它只是将它们作为它的观念来意识到，因此只是间接地将它们视为依赖于它自己的本质和存在的东西；因为有了意识，世界必然会消失，也就是说，它的存在和不存在变得同义且无法区分。
Every knowing individual is thus in truth, and finds itself as the whole will to live, or the inner being of the world itself, and also as the complemental condition of the world as idea, consequently as a microcosm which is of equal value with the macrocosm.
因此，每一个有认识的个体都处于真理之中，并发现自己是整个生存意志，或者是世界本身的内在存在，也是作为观念的世界的补充条件，因此是一个与现实世界具有同等价值的微观世界。宏观世界。
Nature itself, which is everywhere and always truthful, gives him this knowledge, originally and independently of all reflection, with simple and direct certainty.
无处不在且始终真实的大自然本身赋予了他这种知识，这种知识是原始的、独立于所有反思的，具有简单而直接的确定性。
Now from these two necessary properties we have given the fact may be explained that every individual, though vanishing altogether and diminished to nothing in the boundless world, yet makes itself the centre of the world, has regard for its own existence and well-being before everything else; indeed, from the natural standpoint, is ready to sacrifice everything else for this—is ready to annihilate the world in order to maintain its own self, this drop in the ocean, a little longer.
现在，从这两个必要的性质，我们可以解释这样一个事实：每个个体虽然在无边无际的世界中完全消失，化为虚无，但却使自己成为世界的中心，在之前就关心自己的存在和福祉。其他一切；事实上，从自然的角度来看，它已经准备好为此牺牲一切——准备毁灭世界，以维持它自己，沧海一粟，多一点。
This disposition is _egoism_, which is essential to everything in Nature.
这种倾向就是_利己主义_，它对于自然界的一切都是至关重要的。
Yet it is just through egoism that the inner conflict of the will with itself attains to such a terrible revelation; for this egoism has its continuance and being in that opposition of the microcosm and macrocosm, or in the fact that the objectification of will has the _principium individuationis_ for its form, through which the will manifests itself in the same way in innumerable individuals, and indeed entire and completely in both aspects (will and idea) in each.
然而，正是通过利己主义，意志与自身的内在冲突才达到了如此可怕的程度。因为这种利己主义有其延续性，并存在于微观世界和宏观世界的对立中，或者说，事实上，意志的客体化具有个体化原则，通过这种形式，意志以同样的方式在无数个体中表现出来，而且确实如此。每个方面（意志和观念）都是完整的。
Thus, while each individual is given to itself directly as the whole will and the whole subject of ideas, other individuals are only given it as ideas.
因此，虽然每个个体都被直接赋予自己作为整个意志和观念的整体主体，但其他个体仅被赋予作为观念。
Therefore its own being, and the maintenance of it, is of more importance to it than that of all others together.
因此，它自己的存在以及对它的维护，对它来说比所有其他存在的总和更重要。
Every one looks upon his own death as upon the end of the world, while he accepts the death of his acquaintances as a matter of comparative indifference, if he is not in some way affected by it.
每个人都将自己的死亡视为世界末日，而他则认为熟人的死亡是一件相对无关紧要的事情，如果他没有受到某种程度的影响的话。
In the consciousness that has reached the highest grade, that of man, egoism, as well as knowledge, pain and pleasure, must have reached its highest grade also, and the conflict of individuals which is conditioned by it must appear in its most terrible form.
在达到最高等级的人的意识中，利己主义以及知识、痛苦和快乐也必定达到了最高等级，而受其制约的个体冲突必定以最可怕的形式出现。 。
And indeed we see this everywhere before our eyes, in small things as in great.
事实上，无论是小事还是大事，我们都可以看到这一点。
Now we see its terrible side in the lives of great tyrants and miscreants, and in world-desolating wars; now its absurd side, in which it is the theme of comedy, and very specially appears as self-conceit and vanity.
现在，我们在大暴君和恶棍的生活中，在毁灭世界的战争中，看到了它可怕的一面。现在它荒诞的一面，是喜剧的主题，而且非常特别地表现为自负和虚荣。
Rochefoucault understood this better than any one else, and presented it in the abstract.
罗什福柯比任何人都更了解这一点，并以抽象的形式呈现出来。
We see it both in the history of the world and in our own experience.
我们在世界历史和我们自己的经验中都看到了这一点。
But it appears most distinctly of all when any mob of men is set free from all law and order; then there shows itself at once in the distinctest form the _bellum omnium contra omnes_, which Hobbes has so admirably described in the first chapter _De Cive_.
但当任何一群人从所有法律和秩序中解放出来时，这一点就显得最为明显。然后，霍布斯在第一章《De Cive》中对这一点进行了令人钦佩的描述，即以最独特的形式出现了“反对一切的全面战争”。
We see not only how every one tries to seize from the other what he wants himself, but how often one will destroy the whole happiness or life of another for the sake of an insignificant addition to his own happiness.
我们不仅看到每个人如何试图从对方那里夺取自己想要的东西，而且还经常看到一个人为了自己幸福的微不足道的增加而破坏另一个人的全部幸福或生活。
This is the highest expression of egoism, the manifestations of which in this regard are only surpassed by those of actual wickedness, which seeks, quite disinterestedly, the hurt and suffering of others, without any advantage to itself.
这是利己主义的最高表现，在这方面，其表现只能被真正的邪恶所超越，这种邪恶完全无私地寻求他人的伤害和痛苦，而对自己没有任何好处。
Of this we shall speak soon.
我们很快就会谈到这一点。
With this exhibition of the source of egoism the reader should compare the presentation of it in my prize-essay on the basis of morals, § 14.
读者应该将我的获奖论文《道德基础》第 14 条中对利己主义根源的展示与此进行比较。
 A chief source of that suffering which we found above to be essential and inevitable to all life is, when it really appears in a definite form, that _Eris_, the conflict of all individuals, the expression of the contradiction, with which the will to live is affected in its inner self, and which attains a visible form through the _principium individuationis_.
我们在上文中发现，对于所有生命来说，痛苦是必不可少的和不可避免的，其主要根源是，当它真正以某种确定的形式出现时，厄里斯是所有个体的冲突，是矛盾的表达，与它一起生活的意志。其内在自我受到影响，并通过个体化原则获得可见的形式。
Wild-beast fights are the most cruel means of showing this directly and vividly.
野兽打斗是最残酷的表现方式，淋漓尽致。
In this original discord lies an unquenchable source of suffering, in spite of the precautions that have been taken against it, and which we shall now consider more closely.
尽管我们已经采取了预防措施，但在这种最初的不和谐中存在着无法抑制的痛苦根源，我们现在将更仔细地考虑这一点。
 § 62.
 §62.
It has already been explained that the first and simplest assertion of the will to live is only the assertion of one’s own body, _i.e._, the exhibition of the will through acts in time, so far as the body, in its form and design, exhibits the same will in space, and no further.
已经解释过，生存意志的第一个也是最简单的主张只是对自己身体的主张，也就是说，通过及时的行为来表现意志，就身体而言，以其形式和设计，在空间中表现出相同的意志，仅此而已。
This assertion shows itself as maintenance of the body, by means of the application of its own powers.
这种主张表明自己是通过运用身体自身的力量来维持身体的。
To it is directly related the satisfaction of the sexual impulse; indeed this belongs to it, because the genitals belong to the body.
与性冲动的满足直接相关。这确实属于它，因为生殖器属于身体。
Therefore _voluntary_ renunciation of the satisfaction of that impulse, based upon no _motive_, is already a denial of the will to live, is a voluntary self-suppression of it, upon the entrance of knowledge which acts as a _quieter_.
因此，在没有任何动机的情况下，自愿放弃这种冲动的满足，就已经是对生存意志的否定，是一种自愿的自我抑制，在知识进入后，它充当了一种“更安静”的作用。
Accordingly such denial of one’s own body exhibits itself as a contradiction by the will of its own phenomenon.
因此，这种对自己身体的否定，表现为与自身现象意志的矛盾。
For although here also the body objectifies in the genitals the will to perpetuate the species, yet this is not willed.
因为虽然在这里身体也在生殖器中客体化了使物种永存的意愿，但这并不是意愿。
Just on this account, because it is a denial or suppression of the will to live, such a renunciation is a hard and painful self-conquest; but of this later.
正因为如此，因为这是对生存意志的否定或压制，所以这种放弃是一种艰难而痛苦的自我征服；但这个稍后再说。
But since the will exhibits that _self-assertion_ of one’s own body in innumerable individuals beside each other, it very easily extends in one individual, on account of the egoism peculiar to them all, beyond this assertion to the _denial_ of the same will appearing in another individual.
但是，由于意志在无数彼此相邻的个体中表现出对自己身体的“自我主张”，因此，由于所有人都特有的利己主义，它很容易在一个个体中延伸，超越这种主张，到对出现在其他人中的同一意志的“否认”。另一个人。
The will of the first breaks through the limits of the assertion of will of another, because the individual either destroys or injures this other body itself, or else because it compels the powers of the other body to serve _its own_ will, instead of the will which manifests itself in that other body.
第一个人的意志突破了主张另一个人意志的限制，因为个体要么摧毁或伤害另一个身体本身，要么因为它迫使另一个身体的力量服务于自己的意志，而不是意志。它在另一个身体中显现出来。
Thus if, from the will manifesting itself as another body, it withdraws the powers of this body, and so increases the power serving its own will beyond that of its own body, it consequently asserts its own will beyond its own body by means of the negation of the will appearing in another body.
因此，如果它从显现为另一个身体的意志中收回了这个身体的力量，从而增加了服务于自己意志的力量，超出了自己身体的力量，那么它就会通过否定出现在另一个身体中的意志。
This breaking through the limits of the assertion of will of another has always been distinctly recognised, and its concept denoted by the word _wrong_.
这种突破他人意志主张的限制一直以来都得到了明确的认可，其概念用“错误”一词来表示。
For both sides recognise the fact instantly, not, indeed, as we do here in distinct abstraction, but as feeling.
因为双方都立即认识到了这一事实，事实上，这并不是像我们在这里以明显的抽象方式所做的那样，而是作为感觉。
He who suffers wrong feels the transgression into the sphere of the assertion of his own body, through the denial of it by another individual, as a direct and mental pain which is entirely separated and different from the accompanying physical suffering experienced from the act or the vexation at the loss.
遭受不公正待遇的人会通过另一个人的否认而感受到对自己身体主张范围的侵犯，这是一种直接的精神痛苦，这种痛苦与因行为或行为而经历的伴随的身体痛苦是完全分离和不同的。因损失而烦恼。
To the doer of wrong, on the other hand, the knowledge presents itself that he is in himself the same will which appears in that body also, and which asserts itself with such vehemence; the one phenomenon that, transgressing the limits of its own body and its powers, it extends to the denial of this very will in another phenomenon, and so, regarded as will in itself, it strives against itself by this vehemence and rends itself.
另一方面，对于做错事的人来说，他知道自己的意志与身体中的意志是一样的，并且以如此强烈的方式主张自己。这种现象超越了它自己的身体和力量的限制，延伸到对另一种现象中这种意志的否定，因此，它被视为意志本身，它以这种激烈的方式与自己作斗争并撕裂自己。
Moreover, this knowledge presents itself to him instantly, not _in abstracto_, but as an obscure feeling; and this is called remorse, or, more accurately in this case, the feeling of _wrong committed_.
此外，这种知识立即呈现在他面前，不是抽象的，而是作为一种模糊的感觉。这就是所谓的悔恨，或者更准确地说，在这种情况下，是一种“犯错了”的感觉。
 _Wrong_, the conception of which we have thus analysed in its most general and abstract form, expresses itself in the concrete most completely, peculiarly, and palpably in cannibalism.
_错误_，我们以最普遍和抽象的形式分析过的概念，在同类相食中以最完整、最独特、最明显的具体方式表达出来。
This is its most distinct and evident type, the terrible picture of the greatest conflict of the will with itself at the highest grade of its objectification, which is man.
这是其最独特、最明显的类型，是意志在其客体化的最高等级（即人）与其自身最大冲突的可怕图景。
Next to this, it expresses itself most distinctly in murder; and therefore the committal of murder is followed instantly and with fearful distinctness by remorse, the abstract and dry significance of which we have just given, which inflicts a wound on our peace of mind that a lifetime cannot heal.
其次，它在谋杀中表现得最为明显。因此，犯下谋杀罪后，立即就会产生令人恐惧的悔恨，我们刚才给出了这种抽象而干巴巴的意义，它对我们心灵的平静造成了一生都无法治愈的创伤。
For our horror at the murder committed, as also our shrinking from the committal of it, corresponds to that infinite clinging to life with which everything living, as phenomenon of the will to live, is penetrated.
因为我们对谋杀的恐惧，以及我们对谋杀的畏缩，都与对生命的无限执着相对应，一切生命作为生存意志的现象，都渗透到了这种无限的执着之中。
(We shall analyse this feeling which accompanies the doing of wrong and evil, in other words, the pangs of conscience, more fully later on, and raise its concept to distinctness.) Mutilation, or mere injury of another body, indeed every blow, is to be regarded as in its nature the same as murder, and differing from it only in degree.
（稍后我们将更全面地分析这种伴随着错误和邪恶行为的感觉，换句话说，良心的痛苦，并将其概念提升到清晰。） 残害，或仅仅是对另一个身体的伤害，实际上是每一次打击，其性质与谋杀相同，只是程度不同。
Further, wrong shows itself in the subjugation of another individual, in forcing him into slavery, and, finally, in the seizure of another’s goods, which, so far as these goods are regarded as the fruit of his labour, is just the same thing as making him a slave, and is related to this as mere injury is to murder.
此外，错误表现为对另一个人的征服，强迫他成为奴隶，最后，扣押另一个人的货物，只要这些货物被视为他的劳动成果，这就是同一件事。使他成为奴隶，并且与此相关，因为仅仅伤害就是谋杀。
 For _property_, which is not taken from a man without _wrong_, can, according to our explanation of wrong, only be that which has been produced by his own powers.
因为，根据我们对错误的解释，从一个人手中夺取的财产并不是没有错误的，它只能是由他自己的权力所产生的。
Therefore by taking this we really take the powers of his body from the will objectified in it, to make them subject to the will objectified in another body.
因此，通过采取这一点，我们实际上从其身体的客观化意志中获取了其力量，使它们服从于另一个身体的客观化意志。
For only so does the wrong-doer, by seizing, not the body of another, but a lifeless thing quite different from it, break into the sphere of the assertion of will of another person, because the powers, the work of this other body, are, as it were, incorporated and identified with this thing.
因为只有这样，作恶者通过夺取的不是另一个人的身体，而是一个与它完全不同的无生命的东西，才闯入了另一个人的意志主张的范围，因为这个另一个身体的力量和工作，可以说是与这个东西结合并认同的。
It follows from this that all true, _i.e._, moral, right of property is based simply and solely on work, as was pretty generally assumed before Kant, and is distinctly and beautifully expressed in the oldest of all codes of law: “Wise men who know the past explain that a cultured field is the property of him who cut down the wood and cleared and ploughed it, as an antelope belongs to the first hunter who mortally wounds it” (Laws of Manu, ix.
由此可见，所有真实的，即道德的财产权都简单且完全基于工作，正如康德之前普遍假设的那样，并且在最古老的法典中得到了清晰而优美的表达： “了解过去的智者解释说，开垦的土地是砍伐树木、清理和犁地的人的财产，就像羚羊属于第一个致命伤害它的猎人一样”（《马努法》，九章）。
44).
44）。
Kant’s philosophy of law is an extraordinary concatenation of errors all leading to each other, and he bases the right of property upon first occupation.
康德的法哲学是一系列相互导致的错误的非凡串联，他将财产权建立在首先占有的基础上。
To me this is only explicable on the supposition that his powers were failing through old age.
对我来说，这只能解释为他的力量因年老而衰退。
For how should the mere avowal of my will to exclude others from the use of a thing at once give me a _right_ to it? Clearly such an avowal itself requires a foundation of right, instead of being one, as Kant assumes.
因为，仅仅承认我立即排除他人使用某物的意愿，如何赋予我使用该物的_权利_呢？显然，这样的承认本身需要一个权利的基础，而不是像康德假设的那样，是一个权利的基础。
And how would he act unjustly _in se_, _i.e._, morally, who does not respect that claim to the sole possession of a thing which is based upon nothing but its own avowal? How should his conscience trouble him about it? For it is so clear and easy to understand that there can be absolutely no such thing as a just seizure of anything, but only a just conversion or acquired possession of it, by spending our own original powers upon it.
就本质而言，即在道德上，如果他不尊重仅基于其自己的承认而独占拥有某物的主张，那么他的行为会如何不公正？他的良心应该如何为此烦恼呢？因为它是如此清楚和容易理解，绝对不存在所谓公正地夺取任何东西的事情，而只有通过将我们自己的原始力量花费在它上面而公正地转换或获得它的占有。
When, by any foreign labour, however little, a thing has been cultivated, improved, kept from harm or preserved, even if this labour were only the plucking or picking up from the ground of fruit that has grown wild; the person who forcibly seizes such a thing clearly deprives the other of the result of his labour expended upon it, makes the body of this other serve his will instead of its own, asserts his will beyond its own phenomenon to the denial of that of the other, _i.e._, does injustice or wrong.(74) On the other hand, the mere enjoyment of a thing, without any cultivation or preservation of it from destruction, gives just as little right to it as the mere avowal of our desire for its sole possession.
当任何外来劳动，无论多么少，都可以培育、改良、防止伤害或保存，即使这种劳动只是从地里采摘或采摘野生水果；强行夺取这种东西的人显然剥夺了对方为其付出劳动的成果，使对方的身体服务于他的意志而不是自己的意志，在其自身现象之外主张自己的意志，从而否认对方的意志。 (74) 另一方面，仅仅享受某件事物，而不对其进行任何培养或保护以使其免遭破坏，就如同仅仅承认某件事物一样，没有给予它任何权利。我们渴望唯一拥有它。
Therefore, though one family has hunted a district alone, even for a hundred years, but has done nothing for its improvement; if a stranger comes and desires to hunt there, it cannot prevent him from doing so without moral injustice.
因此，虽然一个家族独自狩猎一个地区，即使一百年，却没有为它的改善做出任何努力；如果一个陌生人来到这里并希望在那里打猎，这并不能阻止他这样做，而不会造成道德上的不公正。
Thus the so-called right of preoccupation, according to which, for the mere past enjoyment of a thing, there is demanded the further recompense of the exclusive right to its future enjoyment, is morally entirely without foundation.
因此，所谓的先占权，即仅仅为了过去享有某物，就要求进一步补偿该物未来享有的专有权，在道德上是完全没有根据的。
A new-comer might with far better right reply to him who was depending upon such a right, “Just because you have so long enjoyed, it is right that others should now enjoy also.” No moral right can be established to the sole possession of anything upon which labour cannot be expended, either in improving it or in preserving it from harm, unless it be through a voluntary surrender on the part of others, as a reward for other services.
一个新来者可能会更正确地回答依赖这种权利的人：“正因为你已经享受了这么久，所以其他人现在也应该享受这一权利。”任何道德权利都不能被确立为对任何不能花费劳动的东西的唯一占有，无论是在改进它还是在保护它免受伤害方面，除非它是通过他人自愿放弃，作为对其他服务的奖励。
This, however, already presupposes a community regulated by agreement—the State.
然而，这已经预设了一个受协议监管的共同体——国家。
The morally established right of property, as we have deduced it above, gives, from its nature, to the owner of a thing, the same unlimited power over it which he has over his own body; and hence it follows that he can part with his possessions to others either in exchange or as a gift, and they then possess them with the same moral right as he did.
正如我们上面所推论的那样，道德上确立的财产权从其性质出发，赋予了物品的所有者对物品的无限权力，就像他对自己的身体拥有的一样。因此，他可以将自己的财产送给他人，无论是交换还是作为礼物，然后他们就拥有与他相同的道德权利。
 As regards the doing of wrong generally, it occurs either through violence or through craft; it matters not which as far as what is morally essential is concerned.
至于一般的错误行为，要么是通过暴力，要么是通过诡计发生；就道德本质而言，这并不重要。
First, in the case of murder, it is a matter of indifference whether I make use of a dagger or of poison; and the case of every bodily injury is analogous.
首先，在谋杀的情况下，我使用匕首还是毒药都无关紧要；每一次身体伤害的情况都是类似的。
Other cases of wrong can all be reduced to the fact that I, as the doer of wrong, compel another individual to serve my will instead of his own, to act according to my will instead of according to his own.
其他错误的例子都可以归结为我作为错误的实施者强迫另一个人服从我的意志而不是他自己的意志，按照我的意志而不是按照他自己的意志行事。
On the path of violence I attain this end through physical causality, but on the path of craft by means of motivation, _i.e._, by means of causality through knowledge; for I present to his will illusive motives, on account of which he follows my will, while he believes he is following his own.
在暴力道路上，我通过物理因果关系达到这一目的，但在工艺道路上，我通过动机，即通过知识的因果关系来达到这一目的；因为我向他的意志呈现了虚幻的动机，因此他遵循我的意志，而他却相信自己在遵循自己的意志。
Since the medium in which the motives lie is knowledge, I can only accomplish this by falsifying his knowledge, and this is the _lie_.
由于动机所在的媒介是知识，我只能通过伪造他的知识来实现这一点，这就是谎言。
The lie always aims at influencing another’s will, not merely his knowledge, for itself and as such, but only as a means, so far as it determines his will.
谎言的目的总是在于影响他人的意志，而不仅仅是影响他的知识，因为它本身和本身，而只是作为一种手段，只要它决定了他的意志。
For my lying itself, inasmuch as it proceeds from my will, requires a motive; and only the will of another can be such a motive, not his knowledge in and for itself; for as such it can never have an influence upon _my_ will, therefore it can never move it, can never be a motive of its aim.
因为我的谎言本身，因为它是出于我的意志，所以需要一个动机；只有另一个人的意志才能成为这样的动机，而不是他本身的知识；因为它永远无法影响我的意志，因此它永远无法推动我的意志，永远无法成为其目标的动机。
But only the willing and doing of another can be this, and his knowledge indirectly through it.
但只有另一个人的意愿和行动才能做到这一点，而他的知识也能通过它间接获得。
This holds good not only of all lies that have manifestly sprung from self-interest, but also of those which proceed from pure wickedness, which seeks enjoyment in the painful consequences of the error into which it has led another.
这不仅适用于所有明显出于自身利益的谎言，也适用于那些出于纯粹邪恶的谎言，这些谎言在导致他人犯错误的痛苦后果中寻求快乐。
Indeed, mere empty boasting aims at influencing the will and action of others more or less, by increasing their respect or improving their opinion of the boaster.
事实上，纯粹空洞的吹嘘旨在通过增加他人的尊重或改善他们对吹嘘者的看法来或多或少地影响他人的意志和行动。
The mere refusal of a truth, _i.e._, of an assertion generally, is in itself no wrong, but every imposing of a lie is certainly a wrong.
仅仅拒绝真理，即一般的断言，本身并没有错，但每一次强加谎言肯定是错误的。
He who refuses to show the strayed traveller the right road does him no wrong, but he who directs him to a false road certainly does.
拒绝为迷途的行人指明正确道路的人并没有错，但引导他走上错误道路的人却确实犯了错。
It follows from what has been said, that every _lie_, like every act of violence, is as such _wrong_, because as such it has for its aim the extension of the authority of my will to other individuals, and so the assertion of my will through the denial of theirs, just as much as violence has.
从上述内容可以看出，每一个谎言，就像每一个暴力行为一样，本身都是错误的，因为它的目的是将我的意志的权威扩展到其他个人，因此我的意志的主张通过他们的否认，就像暴力一样。
But the most complete lie is the _broken contract_, because here all the conditions mentioned are completely and distinctly present together.
但最彻底的谎言是_破碎的合同_，因为这里提到的所有条件都完全且明确地同时存在。
For when I enter into a contract, the promised performance of the other individual is directly and confessedly the motive for my reciprocal performance.
因为当我签订合同时，对方所承诺的履行义务是我相互履行义务的直接且坦白的动机。
The promises were deliberately and formally exchanged.
这些承诺是经过深思熟虑、正式交换的。
The fulfilment of the declarations made is, it is assumed, in the power of each.
据认为，所作出的声明的履行取决于各方的力量。
If the other breaks the covenant, he has deceived me, and by introducing merely illusory motives into my knowledge, he has bent my will according to his intention; he has extended the control of his will to another individual, and thus has committed a distinct wrong.
如果对方违反了盟约，他就欺骗了我，并且通过将虚幻的动机引入我的知识中，他已经按照他的意图弯曲了我的意志；他将自己的意志控制延伸到了另一个人身上，因此犯了明显的错误。
On this is founded the moral lawfulness and validity of the _contract_.
合同的道德合法性和有效性就建立在这一点上。
 Wrong through violence is not so _shameful_ to the doer of it as wrong through craft; for the former arises from physical power, which under all circumstances impresses mankind; while the latter, by the use of subterfuge, betrays weakness, and lowers man at once as a physical and moral being.
对于实施者来说，通过暴力而犯下的错误并不像通过诡计而犯下的错误那么可耻。因为前者产生于物质力量，在任何情况下都会给人类留下深刻的印象；而后者则通过使用诡计暴露了人的弱点，同时降低了人的肉体和道德。
This is further the case because lying and deception can only succeed if he who employs them expresses at the same time horror and contempt of them in order to win confidence, and his victory rests on the fact that men credit him with honesty which he does not possess.
情况更进一步，因为只有当使用谎言和欺骗的人同时表现出对它们的恐惧和蔑视以赢得信任时，谎言和欺骗才能成功，而他的胜利取决于人们相信他的诚实，而他并不诚实。具有。
The deep horror which is always excited by cunning, faithlessness, and treachery rests on the fact that good faith and honesty are the bond which externally binds into a unity the will which has been broken up into the multiplicity of individuals, and thereby limits the consequences of the egoism which results from that dispersion.
狡猾、不忠和背叛总是会激发出深深的恐惧，因为善意和诚实是一种纽带，它从外部将已被分解为多种个体的意志结合成一个整体，从而限制了后果。是由于这种分散而产生的利己主义。
Faithlessness and treachery break this outward bond asunder, and thus give boundless scope to the consequences of egoism.
不忠和背叛打破了这种外在的联系，从而给利己主义的后果带来了无限的范围。
 In the connection of our system we have found that the content of the concept of _wrong_ is that quality of the conduct of an individual in which he extends the assertion of the will appearing in his own body so far that it becomes the denial of the will appearing in the bodies of others.
结合我们的系统，我们发现“错误”概念的内容是个人的行为品质，在这种行为品质中，他将自己身体中出现的意志的主张延伸到了对意志的否定。出现在别人的身体里。
We have also laid down, by means of very general examples, the limits at which the province of wrong begins; for we have at once defined its gradations, from the highest degree to the lowest, by means of a few leading conceptions.
我们还通过非常一般的例子，规定了错误范围的界限。因为我们立即通过一些主要概念定义了它的等级，从最高程度到最低程度。
According to this, the concept of wrong is the original and positive, and the concept of right, which is opposed to it, is the derivative and negative; for we must keep to the concepts, and not to the words.
据此，错误的概念是本源的、肯定的，而与错误相对立的概念是派生的、否定的；因为我们必须遵守概念，而不是文字。
As a matter of fact, there would be no talk of right if there were no such thing as wrong.
事实上，如果没有错误，就谈不上正确。
The concept right contains merely the negation of wrong, and every action is subsumed under it which does not transgress the limit laid down above, _i.e._, is not a denial of the will of another for the stronger assertion of our own.
正确的概念仅仅包含对错误的否定，并且每一个不超出上述界限的行为都被包含在它之下，也就是说，不是为了更强烈地主张我们自己的意志而否定他人的意志。
That limit, therefore, divides, as regards a purely _moral_ definition, the whole province of possible actions into such as are wrong or right.
因此，就纯粹的道德定义而言，这一限制将所有可能的行为划分为错误或正确。
Whenever an action does not encroach, in the way explained above, on the sphere of the assertion of will of another, denying it, it is not wrong.
每当一个行为不以上述方式侵犯、否认另一个人的意志的范围时，它就没有错。
Therefore, for example, the refusal of help to another in great need, the quiet contemplation of the death of another from starvation while we ourselves have more than enough, is certainly cruel and fiendish, but it is not wrong; only it can be affirmed with certainty that whoever is capable of carrying unkindness and hardness to such a degree will certainly also commit every wrong whenever his wishes demand it and no compulsion prevents it.
因此，例如，当我们自己已经绰绰有余时，却拒绝帮助另一个急需帮助的人，静静地思考另一个人会因饥饿而死亡，这当然是残忍和邪恶的，但这并没有错；唯一可以肯定的是，凡是能够将不仁慈和冷酷达到如此程度的人，只要他的意愿要求并且没有任何强迫可以阻止他，他也一定会犯下所有错误。
 But the conception of right as the negation of wrong finds its principal application, and no doubt its origin, in cases in which an attempted wrong by violence is warded off.
但是，作为对错误的否定的正确概念找到了它的主要应用，并且毫无疑问它的起源，在通过暴力企图做错的情况被阻止的情况下。
This warding off cannot itself be wrong, and consequently is right, although the violence it requires, regarded in itself and in isolation, would be wrong, and is here only justified by the motive, _i.e._, becomes right.
这种回避本身不可能是错误的，因此是正确的，尽管它所需要的暴力，就其本身和孤立来看，是错误的，并且在这里只有通过动机才能证明是正确的，即变得正确。
If an individual goes so far in the assertion of his own will that he encroaches upon the assertion of will which is essential to my person as such, and denies it, then my warding off of that encroachment is only the denial of that denial, and thus from my side is nothing more than the assertion of the will which essentially and originally appears in my body, and is already implicitly expressed by the mere appearance of this body; consequently is not wrong, but right.
如果一个人在主张自己的意志方面走得太远，以至于他侵犯了对我个人来说至关重要的意志的主张，并且否认了它，那么我对这种侵犯的抵制只是对这种否认的否认，并且因此，从我这边来说，无非是意志的主张，它本质上、最初出现在我的身体中，并且已经通过这个身体的出现而隐含地表达出来了。因此，这不是错误的，而是正确的。
That is to say: I have then a right to deny that denial of another with the force necessary to overcome it, and it is easy to see that this may extend to the killing of the other individual, whose encroachment as external violence pressing upon me may be warded off by a somewhat stronger counteraction, entirely without wrong, consequently with right.
也就是说：我有权以克服他人所必需的力量来否认对他人的否认，并且很容易看出，这可能会延伸到对另一个人的杀戮，他的侵犯作为外部暴力压在我身上可以通过更强的反作用来避免，完全没有错误，因此是正确的。
For all that happens from my side lies always within the sphere of the assertion of will essential to my person as such, and already expressed by it (which is the scene of the conflict), and does not encroach on that of the other, consequently is only negation of the negation, and thus affirmation, not itself negation.
因为从我这边发生的一切总是在我个人所必需的意志主张的范围内，并且已经由它表达出来（这是冲突的现场），并且不会侵犯他人的意志，因此只是否定之否定，因而是肯定，而不是其本身的否定。
Thus if the will of another denies my will, as this appears in my body and the use of its powers for its maintenance, without denial of any foreign will which observes a like limitation, I can _without wrong_ compel it to desist from such denial, _i.e._, I have so far a _right of compulsion_.
因此，如果另一个人的意志否认我的意志，正如这出现在我的身体和使用其力量来维持它一样，而不否认任何遵守类似限制的外来意志，我可以_没有错误_强迫它停止这种否认， _即_，到目前为止我拥有_强制权_。
 In all cases in which I have a right of compulsion, a complete right to use _violence_ against another, I may, according to the circumstances, just as well oppose the violence of the other with _craft_ without doing any wrong, and accordingly I have an actual _right to lie precisely so far as I have a right of compulsion_.
在所有情况下，我有强制的权利，完全的权利对他人使用暴力，我也可以根据具体情况，以技巧反对他人的暴力，而不会做任何错事，因此，我有一个实际上_只要我有强制的权利就可以说谎_。
Therefore a man acts with perfect right who assures a highway robber who is searching him that he has nothing more upon him; or, if a burglar has broken into his house by night, induces him by a lie to enter a cellar and then locks him in.
因此，如果一个人向正在搜查他的拦路强盗保证他身上没有任何其他东西，他的行为就是完全正确的。或者，如果窃贼夜间闯入他的房屋，则用谎言诱使他进入地窖，然后将他锁在里面。
A man who has been captured and carried off by robbers, for example by pirates, has the right to kill them not only by violence but also by craft, in order to regain his freedom.
一个被强盗（例如海盗）俘虏并带走的人，有权不仅通过暴力而且通过手段杀死他们，以重获自由。
Thus, also, a promise is certainly not binding when it has been extorted by direct bodily violence, because he who suffers such compulsion may with full right free himself by killing, and, _a fortiori_, by deceiving his oppressor.
因此，当一个承诺是通过直接身体暴力勒索时，它当然不具有约束力，因为遭受这种强迫的人可以完全权利通过杀戮，更不用说通过欺骗压迫者来释放自己。
Whoever cannot recover through force the property which has been stolen from him, commits no wrong if he can accomplish it through craft.
凡是无法通过武力夺回被偷走的财产的人，如果能够通过技巧实现这一目标，就没有什么过错。
Indeed, if some one plays with me for money he has stolen from me, I have the right to use false dice against him, because all that I win from him already belongs to me.
确实，如果有人为了偷我的钱而跟我玩游戏，我有权用假骰子来对付他，因为我从他那里赢得的一切都已经属于我了。
Whoever would deny this must still more deny the justifiableness of stratagem in war, which is just an acted lie, and is a proof of the saying of Queen Christina of Sweden, “The words of men are to be esteemed as nothing; scarcely are their deeds to be trusted.” So sharply does the limit of right border upon that of wrong.
谁要否认这一点，就更要否认战争策略的正当性，这只是一个装出来的谎言，正应证了瑞典女王克里斯蒂娜的一句话：“人之言当虚，人之言当虚”。他们的行为几乎不可信。”正确与错误的界限如此尖锐。
For the rest, I regard it as superfluous to show that all this completely agrees with what was said above about the unlawfulness of the lie and of violence.
至于其余的，我认为证明这一切完全符合上面关于谎言和暴力的非法性的说法是多余的。
It may also serve to explain the peculiar theory of the lie told under pressure.(75)  In accordance with what has been said, wrong and right are merely moral determinations, _i.e._, such as are valid with regard to the consideration of human action as such, and in relation _to the inner significance of this action in itself_.
它也可以用来解释在压力下说谎的特殊理论。（75）根据所说的，错误和正确仅仅是道德决定，即，诸如在考虑方面是有效的。人类行为本身，以及与“该行为本身的内在意义”相关。
This asserts itself directly in consciousness through the fact that the doing of wrong is accompanied by an inward pain, which is the merely felt consciousness of the wrong-doer of the excessive strength of the assertion of will in itself, which extends even to the denial of the manifestation of the will of another, and also the consciousness that although he is different from the person suffering wrong as far as the manifestation is concerned, yet in himself he is identical with him.
这直接在意识中体现出来，因为做错事会伴随着内心的痛苦，这是做错事者仅仅感受到的对意志本身的过度强烈的强烈意识，甚至延伸到否认另一个人的意志的表现，以及意识，虽然就表现而言，他与遭受错误的人不同，但就他自己而言，他与他是同一的。
The further explanation of this inner significance of all pain of conscience cannot be given till later.
对所有良心痛苦的内在意义的进一步解释要到以后才能给出。
He who suffers wrong is, on the other hand, painfully conscious of the denial of his will, as it is expressed through the body and its natural requirements, for the satisfaction of which nature refers him to the powers of his body; and at the same time he is conscious that without doing wrong he might ward off that denial by every means unless he lacks the power.
另一方面，遭受冤屈的人痛苦地意识到自己的意志被否定了，因为他的意志是通过身体及其自然要求来表达的，为了满足这种意志，自然要求他依靠身体的力量；与此同时，他意识到，只要不做错事，他就可以通过一切手段来避免这种否认，除非他缺乏权力。
This purely moral significance is the only one which right and wrong have for men as men, not as members of the State, and which consequently remains even when man is in a state of nature without any positive law.
对于作为人而非国家成员的人来说，这种纯粹的道德意义是唯一正确和错误的意义，因此，即使当人处于没有任何成文法的自然状态时，这种意义仍然存在。
It constitutes the basis and the content of all that has on this account been named _natural law_, though it is better called moral law, for its validity does not extend to suffering, to the external reality, but only to the action of man and the self-knowledge of his individual will which grows up in him from his action, and which is called _conscience_.
它构成了所有因此而被命名为“自然法”的基础和内容，尽管它更好地被称为道德法，因为它的有效性并不延伸到痛苦，延伸到外在现实，而只延伸到人和人的行为。对他的个人意志的自我认识，这种认识是从他的行为中成长起来的，这就是所谓的“良心”。
It cannot, however, in a state of nature, assert itself in all cases, and outwardly upon other individuals, and prevent might from reigning instead of right.
然而，在自然状态下，它不能在所有情况下，并在表面上强加于其他个人，并阻止强权而非正义的统治。
In a state of nature it depends upon every one merely to see that in every case he _does_ no wrong, but by no means to see that in every case he _suffers_ no wrong, for this depends on the accident of his outward power.
在自然状态下，每个人只需要看到自己在任何情况下都没有做错事，但决不能确保自己在任何情况下都没有遭受过错，因为这取决于他外在力量的偶然性。
Therefore the concepts right and wrong, even in a state of nature, are certainly valid and by no means conventional, but there they are valid merely as _moral_ concepts, for the self-knowledge of one’s own will in each.
因此，正确和错误的概念，即使在自然状态下，也肯定是有效的，而且绝不是约定俗成的，但在那里，它们仅仅作为道德概念有效，对于每个人自己意志的自我认识而言。
They are a fixed point in the scale of the very different degrees of strength with which the will to live asserts itself in human individuals, like the freezing-point on the thermometer; the point at which the assertion of one’s own will becomes the denial of the will of another, _i.e._, specifies through wrong-doing the degree of its intensity, combined with the degree in which knowledge is involved in the _principium individuationis_ (which is the form of all knowledge that is subject to the will).
它们是人类个体生存意愿强度差异很大的一个固定点，就像温度计上的冰点一样。在这一点上，一个人对自己意志的主张变成了对另一个人意志的否定，_即_，通过错误行为指定了其强度的程度，以及知识参与_个体化原理_的程度（这是所有受意志支配的知识的形式）。
But whoever wants to set aside the purely moral consideration of human action, or denies it, and wishes to regard conduct merely in its outward effects and their consequences, may certainly, with Hobbes, explain right and wrong as conventional definitions arbitrarily assumed, and therefore not existing outside positive law, and we can never show him through external experience what does not belong to such experience.
但是，无论谁想要抛开对人类行为的纯粹道德考虑，或者否认它，并希望仅仅从其外在效果及其后果来看待行为，那么他肯定可以像霍布斯一样，将正确和错误解释为任意假设的传统定义，因此不存在于实证法之外，我们永远无法通过外部经验向他展示不属于这种经验的东西。
Hobbes himself characterises his completely empirical method of thought very remarkably by the fact that in his book “_De Principiis Geometrarum_” he denies all pure mathematics properly so called, and obstinately maintains that the point has extension and the line has breadth, and we can never show him a point without extension or a line without breadth.
霍布斯本人非常引人注目地描述了他完全经验主义的思想方法，在他的《几何原理》一书中，他否认了所有所谓的纯数学，并固执地认为点有延伸，线有宽度，我们永远不能向他展示一个没有延伸的点或一条没有宽度的线。
Thus we can just as little impart to him the _a priori_ nature of mathematics as the _a priori_ nature of right, because he shuts himself out from all knowledge which is not empirical.
因此，我们无法向他传授数学的先验性质，就像传授权利的先验性质一样，因为他将自己排除在所有非经验知识之外。
 The pure doctrine of right is thus a chapter of ethics, and is directly related only to _action_, not to _suffering_; for only the former is the expression of will, and this alone is considered by ethics.
因此，纯粹的权利学说是伦理学的一个章节，并且只与_行动_直接相关，而不与_痛苦_相关；因为只有前者才是意志的表达，只有这一点才是伦理学所考虑的。
Suffering is mere occurrence.
痛苦只是偶然发生的。
Ethics can only have regard to suffering indirectly, merely to show that what takes place merely to avoid suffering wrong is itself no infliction of wrong.
伦理学只能间接地看待痛苦，只是为了表明，仅仅为了避免错误的痛苦而发生的事情本身并不是错误的施加。
The working out of this chapter of ethics would contain the precise definition of the limits to which an individual may go in the assertion of the will already objectified in his body without denying the same will as it appears in another individual; and also the actions which transgress these limits, which consequently are wrong, and therefore in their turn may be warded off without wrong.
伦理学这一章的制定将包含对限制的精确定义，在该限制中，一个人可以在其身体中已经客观化的意志的断言中达到何种程度，而不否认另一个人中出现的相同意志；以及那些超越这些限制的行为，这些行为因此是错误的，因此反过来可以被避免而不会发生错误。
Thus our own _action_ always remains the point of view of the investigation.
因此，我们自己的_行动_始终是调查的观点。
 But the _suffering of wrong_ appears as an event in outward experience, and in it is manifested, as we have said, more distinctly than anywhere else, the phenomenon of the conflict of the will to live with itself, arising from the multiplicity of individuals and from egoism, both of which are conditioned through the _principium individuationis_, which is the form of the world as idea for the knowledge of the individual.
但是，“错误的痛苦”表现为外在经验中的一个事件，并且正如我们所说，比其他任何地方都更明显地表现出与自身生活的意志冲突的现象，这种现象是由于个体和个体的多样性而产生的。来自利己主义，两者都受到个体化原理的制约，个体化原理是作为个人知识观念的世界形式。
We also saw above that a very large part of the suffering essential to human life has its perennial source in that conflict of individuals.
我们在上面也看到，人类生活所必需的痛苦很大一部分长期源于个人冲突。
 The reason, however, which is common to all these individuals, and which enables them to know not merely the particular case, as the brutes do, but also the whole abstractly in its connection, has also taught them to discern the source of that suffering, and induced them to consider the means of diminishing it, or, when possible, of suppressing it by a common sacrifice, which is, however, more than counterbalanced by the common advantage that proceeds from it.
然而，所有这些人所共有的理性，使他们不仅能够像畜生那样了解具体情况，而且能够抽象地了解与此相关的整体，这也教会他们辨别痛苦的根源。 ，并促使他们考虑减少它的方法，或者在可能的情况下，通过共同牺牲来抑制它，然而，这种牺牲会被由此产生的共同利益所抵消。
However agreeable it is to the egoism of the individual to inflict wrong in particular cases, this has yet a necessary correlative in the suffering of wrong of another individual, to whom it is a great pain.
无论个人的利己主义在特定情况下造成错误是多么令人愉快，但这与另一个人遭受错误的痛苦是必然相关的，对另一个人来说，这是一种巨大的痛苦。
And because the reason which surveys the whole left the one-sided point of view of the individual to which it belongs, and freed itself for the moment from its dependence upon it, it saw the pleasure of an individual in inflicting wrong always outweighed by the relatively greater pain of the other who suffered the wrong; and it found further, that because here everything was left to chance, every one had to fear that the pleasure of conveniently inflicting wrong would far more rarely fall to his lot than the pain of enduring it.
因为审视整体的理性离开了它所属的个体的片面观点，并暂时摆脱了对它的依赖，它看到个人造成错误的快乐总是超过了个人造成错误的快乐。受害人的痛苦相对较大；进一步发现，因为这里一切都是偶然的，所以每个人都必须担心，随手造成错误的快乐比忍受错误的痛苦更罕见。
From this reason recognised that both in order to diminish the suffering which is everywhere disseminated, and as far as possible to divide it equally, the best and only means was to spare all the pain of suffering wrong by renouncing all the pleasure to be obtained by inflicting it.
由此原因认识到，为了减少无处不在的痛苦，并尽可能平均地分配它，最好和唯一的方法就是通过放弃所有通过错误获得的快乐来免除所有错误的痛苦。造成它。
This means is the _contract of the state_ or _law_.
这意味着_国家合同_或_法律_。
It is easily conceived, and little by little carried out by the egoism, which, through the use of reason, proceeds methodically and forsakes its one-sided point of view.
它很容易被设想，并由利己主义一点一点地实现，利己主义通过运用理性，有条不紊地进行，放弃其片面的观点。
This origin of the state and of law I have indicated was already exhibited as such by Plato in the “Republic.” In fact, it is the essential and only origin, determined by the nature of the matter.
我所指出的国家和法律的起源已经在柏拉图的《理想国》中得到了体现。事实上，它是本质和唯一的起源，由物质的性质决定。
Moreover, in no land can the state have ever had a different origin, because it is just this mode of originating this aim that makes it a state.
此外，在任何地方，国家都不可能有不同的起源，因为正是这种起源于这一目标的模式才使它成为一个国家。
But it is a matter of indifference whether, in each particular nation, the condition which preceded it was that of a horde of savages independent of each other (anarchy), or that of a horde of slaves ruled at will by the stronger (despotism).
但是，在每个特定的国家中，其之前的状况是一群彼此独立的野蛮人（无政府状态），还是一群奴隶被强者随意统治（专制主义），这是一个无关紧要的问题。 。
In both cases there existed as yet no state; it first arose through that common agreement; and according as that agreement is more or less free from anarchy or despotism, the state is more or less perfect.
在这两种情况下，国家都还没有存在。它首先是通过共同协议而产生的；根据该协议或多或少没有无政府主义或专制主义，国家或多或少是完美的。
Republics tend to anarchy, monarchies to despotism, and the mean of constitutional monarchy, which was therefore devised, tends to government by factions.
共和政体趋向无政府状态，君主政体趋向专制，而由此而设计的君主立宪制则趋于派系统治。
In order to found a perfect state, we must begin by providing beings whose nature allows them always to sacrifice their own to the public good.
为了建立一个完美的国家，我们必须首先提供那些本性允许他们总是为了公共利益而牺牲自己的人。
Till then, however, something may be attained through the existence of _one_ family whose good is quite inseparable from that of the country; so that, at least in matters of importance, it can never advance the one without the other.
然而，在那之前，通过一个与国家的利益密不可分的家庭的存在，可以取得一些成就。因此，至少在重要的事情上，它永远无法在缺一不可的情况下推进其中之一。
On this rests the power and the advantage of the hereditary monarchy.
世袭君主制的权力和优势就建立在这一点上。
 Now as ethics was concerned exclusively with right and wrong doing, and could accurately point out the limits of his action to whoever was resolved to do no wrong; politics, on the contrary, the theory of legislation, is exclusively concerned with the _suffering_ of wrong, and would never trouble itself with wrong-doing at all if it were not on account of its ever-necessary correlative, the suffering of wrong, which it always keeps in view as the enemy it opposes.
现在，道德只关心正确和错误的行为，并且可以准确地向决心不做错事的人指出其行为的界限；相反，政治，即立法理论，只关心错误的痛苦，如果不是考虑到其永远必要的相关因素，即错误的痛苦，它根本不会为错误行为而烦恼。它始终把自己视为它反对的敌人。
Indeed, if it were possible to conceive an infliction of wrong with which no suffering of wrong on the part of another was connected, the state would, consistently, by no means prohibit it.
事实上，如果可以设想一种与他人遭受的错误无关的错误行为，那么国家将始终如一地决不会禁止这种错误行为。
And because in ethics the will, the disposition, is the object of consideration, and the only real thing, the firm will to do wrong, which is only restrained and rendered ineffective by external might, and the actually committed wrong, are to it quite the same, and it condemns him who so wills as unjust at its tribunal.
因为在伦理学中，意志、性情是考虑的对象，而唯一真实的东西，就是做错事的坚定意志，这种意志只会受到外部力量的限制和失效，而实际犯下的错误对它来说是相当重要的。同样，它会在法庭上谴责任何愿意的人是不公正的。
On the other hand, will and disposition, merely as such, do not concern the state at all, but only the _deed_ (whether it is merely attempted or carried out), on account of its correlative, the _suffering_ on the part of another.
另一方面，仅仅就其本身而言，意志和性情根本不涉及国家，而只涉及“行为”（无论是仅仅尝试还是实施），因为它的相关物，即他人的“痛苦”。
Thus for the state the deed, the event, is the only real; the disposition, the intention, is only investigated so far as the significance of the deed becomes known through it.
因此，对于国家来说，行为、事件是唯一真实的。只有当行为的意义通过它而被了解时，才会对倾向、意图进行调查。
Therefore the state will forbid no one to carry about in his thought murder and poison against another, so long as it knows certainly that the fear of the sword and the wheel will always restrain the effects of that will.
因此，国家不会禁止任何人在思想中对他人进行谋杀和毒害，只要它确实知道对刀剑和车轮的恐惧总是会抑制这种意志的效果。
The state has also by no means to eradicate the foolish purpose, the inclination to wrong-doing, the wicked disposition; but merely always to place beside every possible motive for doing a wrong a more powerful motive for leaving it undone in the inevitable punishment that will ensue.
国家也绝不能根除愚蠢的目的、作恶的倾向、邪恶的性情；但只是总是在每一种可能的做错事的动机旁边放置一个更强大的动机，以便在随之而来的不可避免的惩罚中不做错事。
Therefore the criminal code is as complete a register as possible of motives against every criminal action that can possibly be imagined—both _in abstracto_, in order to make any case that occurs an application _in concreto_.
因此，刑法尽可能完整地记录了每一种可能想象到的犯罪行为的动机——两者都是抽象的，以便使发生的任何案件都成为具体的应用。
Politics or legislation will therefore for this end borrow from that chapter of ethics which is the doctrine of right, and which, besides the inner significance of right and wrong, determines the exact limits between them.
因此，政治或立法将为此目的借鉴伦理学的那一章，即权利学说，除了正确与错误的内在意义之外，它还决定了它们之间的确切界限。
Yet it will only do so for the purpose of making use of its reverse side, and regarding all the limits which ethics lays down as not to be transgressed, if we are to avoid _doing_ wrong, from the other side, as the limits which we must not allow others to transgress if we do not wish to _suffer_ wrong, and from which we have therefore a _right_ to drive others back.
然而，它这样做只是为了利用它的反面，并把道德所规定的所有限制视为不可逾越，如果我们要避免从另一面做错事，那么它就会把道德所规定的所有限制视为我们所应遵守的限制。如果我们不想“遭受”错误，就决不能允许他人越界，因此我们有“权利”驱逐他人。
Therefore these limits are, as much as possible, from the passive side, barricaded by laws.
因此，这些限制尽可能从被动的角度受到法律的限制。
It is evident that as an historian has very wittily been called an inverted prophet, the professor of law is an inverted moralist, and therefore law itself, in its proper sense, _i.e._, the doctrine of the _right_, which we ought to maintain, is inverted ethics in that chapter of it in which the rights are laid down which we ought not to violate.
显然，正如一位历史学家被非常机智地称为“颠倒的先知”一样，法学教授也是一个颠倒的道德家，因此法律本身，就其正确的意义而言，即“权利”的学说，我们应该维护，是在其中规定了我们不应该侵犯的权利的那一章中颠倒的道德。
The concept of wrong and its negation, that of right, which is originally _ethical_, becomes _juridical_ by the transference of the starting-point from the active to the passive side, and thus by inversion.
错误及其否定的概念，即正确的概念，本来是“道德的”，通过起点从主动方转移到被动方，从而通过倒置而变成了“法律”。
This, as well as Kant’s theory of law, which very falsely deduces the institution of the state as a moral duty from his categorical imperative, has, even in the most recent times, repeatedly occasioned the very extraordinary error that the state is an institution for furthering morality; that it arises from the endeavour after this, and is, consequently, directed against egoism.
这一点，以及康德的法律理论（康德的法律理论从其绝对命令中非常错误地将国家制度推论为一种道德义务），即使在最近的时代，也一再引发了非常非同寻常的错误，即国家是一个为社会而存在的制度。弘扬道德；它产生于此后的努力，因此是针对利己主义的。
As if the inward disposition, to which alone morality or immorality belongs, the externally free will, would allow itself to be modified from without and changed by influences exerted upon it! Still more perverse is the theory that the state is the condition of freedom in the moral sense, and in this way the condition of morality; for freedom lies beyond the phenomenon, and indeed beyond human arrangements.
仿佛内在的性情（道德或不道德本身），即外在的自由意志，会允许自己从外部被修改，并被施加在它身上的影响所改变！更反常的是这样一种理论，即国家是道德意义上的自由的条件，因此也是道德的条件。因为自由超越了现象，实际上也超越了人类的安排。
The state is, as we have said, so little directed against egoism in general and as such, that, on the contrary, it has sprung from egoism and exists only in its service—an egoism that well understands itself, proceeds methodically and forsakes the one-sided for the universal point of view, and so by addition is the common egoism of all.
正如我们已经说过的，国家很少直接反对一般的利己主义，相反，它是从利己主义中产生的，并且只为它服务而存在——一种很好地理解自己、有条不紊地前进并放弃自我的利己主义。普遍观点是片面的，因此加起来就是所有人共同的利己主义。
The state is thus instituted under the correct presupposition that pure morality, _i.e._, right action from moral grounds, is not to be expected; if this were not the case, it would itself be superfluous.
因此，国家是在正确的前提下建立的，即纯粹的道德，即基于道德基础的正确行为，是不可期待的；如果情况并非如此，那么它本身就是多余的。
Thus the state, which aims at well-being, is by no means directed against egoism, but only against the disadvantageous consequences which arise from the multiplicity of egoistic individuals, and reciprocally affect them all and disturb their well-being.
因此，以福祉为目标的国家绝不是针对利己主义，而只是针对因利己主义个体的多样性而产生的不利后果，这些后果相互影响他们所有人并扰乱他们的福祉。
Therefore it was already said by Aristotle (De.
因此，亚里士多德已经说过（De.
Rep.
代表。
iii.): Τελος μεν ουν πολεως το ευ ζην; τουτο δε εστιν το ζῃν ευδαιμονως και καλως (_Finis civitatis est bene vivere, hoc autem est beate et pulchre vivere_).
iii.): Τελος μεν ουν πολεως το ευ zenν; τουτο δε εστιν το zeῃν ευδαιμονως και καλως (_Finis civitatis est bene vivere, hoc autem est beate et pulchre vivere_)。
Hobbes also has accurately and excellently expounded this origin and end of the state; and that old first principle of all state policy, _salus publica prima lex esto_, indicates the same thing.
霍布斯也准确而精彩地阐述了国家的起源和终结；所有国家政策的古老首要原则，_salus publica prima lex esto_，也表明了同样的事情。
If the state completely attains its end, it will produce the same outward result as if perfect justice of disposition prevailed everywhere.
如果国家完全达到了它的目的，它就会产生同样的外在结果，就好像处女的完美正义在各地普遍存在一样。
But the inner nature and origin of both phenomena will be the converse.
但两种现象的内在本质和起源却是相反的。
Thus in the second case it would be that no one wished to _do_ wrong, and in the first that no one wished to _suffer_ wrong, and the means appropriate to this end had been fully employed.
因此，在第二种情况下，没有人愿意做错事，而在第一种情况下，没有人愿意遭受错误，并且为此目的而采取的适当手段已得到充分利用。
Thus the same line may be drawn from opposite directions, and a beast of prey with a muzzle is as harmless as a graminivorous animal.
因此，同一条线可以从相反的方向画出，带有枪口的猛兽与食草动物一样无害。
But beyond this point the state cannot go.
但超过这一点，国家就不能再继续下去了。
It cannot exhibit a phenomenon such as would spring from universal mutual well-wishing and love.
它无法表现出一种源自普遍的相互祝福和爱的现象。
For just as we found that from its nature it would not forbid the doing of a wrong which involved no corresponding suffering of wrong on the part of another, and prohibits all wrong-doing only because this is impossible; so conversely, in accordance with its tendency towards the well-being of all, it would very gladly take care that every benevolent action and work of human love should be _experienced_, if it were not that these also have an inevitable correlative in the _performance_ of acts of benevolence and works of love, and every member of the state would wish to assume the passive and none the active rôle, and there would be no reason for exacting the latter from one member of the state rather than from another.
因为正如我们发现，从本质上来说，它不会禁止一种不涉及另一方相应的错误痛苦的错误行为，并且禁止所有错误行为只是因为这是不可能的；因此，相反地，根据它对所有人福祉的倾向，它会非常乐意地关注每一项仁慈的行为和人类之爱的工作都应该被_体验_，如果不是这些也与人类的_表现_有不可避免的关联。仁慈的行为和爱的行为，每个国家成员都希望承担被动的角色，而不是主动的角色，没有理由要求一个国家成员而不是另一个国家成员承担后者的角色。
Accordingly only the negative, which is just the _right_, not the positive, which has been comprehended under the name of obligations of love, or, less completely, duties, _can be exacted by force_.
因此，只有消极的，即“权利”，而不是积极的，被理解为爱的义务，或者不那么完全地，义务的名义，“可以通过武力强制执行”。
 Legislation, as we have said, borrows the pure philosophy of right, or the doctrine of the nature and limits of right and wrong, from ethics, in order to apply it from the reverse side to its own ends, which are different from those of ethics, and to institute positive legislation and the means of supporting it, _i.e._, the state, in accordance with it.
我们已经说过，立法借用了伦理学中纯粹的权利哲学，或者说是非本质和界限的学说，以便从反面运用到它自己的目的，这与立法的目的不同。道德，并根据它制定积极的立法和支持它的手段，即国家。
Positive legislation is thus the inverted application of the purely moral doctrine of right.
因此，实证立法是纯粹道德权利学说的倒置应用。
This application may be made with reference to the peculiar relations and circumstances of a particular people.
这种应用可以参考特定人群的特殊关系和情况来进行。
But only if the positive legislation is, in essential matters, throughout determined in accordance with the guidance of the pure theory of right, and for each of its propositions a ground can be established in the pure theory of right, is the legislation which has arisen a _positive right_ and the state a community _based upon right_, a _state_ in the proper meaning of the word, a morally permissible, not immoral institution.
但只有当实证立法在本质问题上完全按照纯粹权利理论的指导来确定，并且它的每一个命题都能在纯粹权利理论中建立基础时，立法才得以产生。一种_积极的权利_，而国家是一个_基于权利_的共同体，一个真正意义上的_国家_，一个道德上允许的而不是不道德的机构。
Otherwise the positive legislation is, on the contrary, the establishment of a _positive wrong_; it is itself an openly avowed enforced wrong.
否则，积极立法恰恰相反，是“积极错误”的确立；这本身就是一种公开承认的强迫性错误。
Such is every despotism, the constitution of most Mohammedan kingdoms; and indeed various parts of many constitutions are also of this kind; for example, serfdom, vassalage, and many such institutions.
这就是每一种专制政体，大多数伊斯兰教王国的宪法。事实上，许多宪法的各个部分也属于这种类型。例如，农奴制、附庸制和许多这样的制度。
The pure theory of right or natural right—better, moral right—though always reversed, lies at the foundation of every just positive legislation, as pure mathematics lies at the foundation of every branch of applied mathematics.
纯粹的权利理论或自然权利——更好的是道德权利——尽管总是颠倒过来，但却是每一个正义实证立法的基础，正如纯数学是应用数学每个分支的基础一样。
The most important points of the doctrine of right, as philosophy has to supply it for that end to legislation, are the following: 1.
为实现立法目的，哲学必须提供权利学说，其最重要的要点如下： 1.
The explanation of the inner and real significance both of the origin of the conceptions of wrong and right, and of their application and position in ethics.
对错误和正确概念的起源及其在伦理学中的应用和地位的内在和真正意义的解释。
2
2
The deduction of the law of property.
物权法的推论。
3
3
The deduction of the moral validity of contracts; for this is the moral basis of the contract of the state.
合同道德有效性的推论；因为这是国家契约的道德基础。
4
4
The explanation of the origin and the aim of the state, of the relation of this aim to ethics, and of the intentional transference of the ethical doctrine of right, by reversing it, to legislation, in consequence of this relation.
对国家的起源和目标、这一目标与伦理的关系的解释，以及由于这种关系而通过颠倒权利的伦理学说而有意将其转移到立法的解释。
5
5
The deduction of the right of punishment.
惩罚权的扣除。
The remaining content of the doctrine of right is mere application of these principles, mere accurate definition of the limits of right and wrong for all possible relations of life, which are consequently united and distributed under certain points of view and titles.
权利学说的其余内容仅仅是这些原则的应用，仅仅是对所有可能的生活关系的正确与错误的界限的准确定义，因此这些关系在某些观点和标题下被统一和分配。
In these special doctrines the books which treat of pure law are fairly at one; it is only in the principles that they differ much, for these are always connected with some philosophical system.
在这些特殊的学说中，论述纯粹法的书籍相当合一。它们只是在原则上有很大的不同，因为这些原则总是与某种哲学体系联系在一起。
In connection with our system, we have explained the first four of these principal points shortly and generally, yet definitely and distinctly, and it remains for us to speak in the same way of the right of punishment.
就我们的制度而言，我们已经简短而概括地解释了前四个要点，但又明确而明确，我们仍然可以以同样的方式谈论惩罚权。
 Kant makes the fundamentally false assertion that apart from the state there would be no complete right of property.
康德提出了一个根本错误的断言：离开国家就不存在完整的财产权。
It follows from our deduction, as given above, that even in a state of nature there is property with complete natural, _i.e._, moral right, which cannot be injured without wrong, but may without wrong be defended to the uttermost.
如上所述，根据我们的推论，即使在自然状态下，也存在具有完全自然权利（即道德权利）的财产，这种权利不会在没有错误的情况下受到损害，但可以在没有错误的情况下得到最大限度的保护。
On the other hand, it is certain that apart from the state there is no right of punishment.
另一方面，可以肯定的是，除了国家之外，就没有惩罚的权利。
All right to punish is based upon the positive law alone, which _before_ the offence has determined a punishment for it, the threat of which, as a counter-motive, is intended to outweigh all possible motives for the offence.
所有惩罚的权利都仅以实在法为基础，在犯罪之前，法律已经确定了对其的惩罚，而惩罚的威胁作为反动机，旨在压倒犯罪的所有可能动机。
This positive law is to be regarded as sanctioned and recognised by all the members of the state.
这项成文法应被视为受到所有国家成员的认可和认可。
It is thus based upon a common contract which the members of the state are in duty bound to fulfil, and thus, on the one hand, to inflict the punishment, and, on the other hand, to endure it; thus the endurance of the punishment may with right be enforced.
因此，它是基于一项共同契约，国家成员有义务履行该契约，因此，一方面要施加惩罚，另一方面要忍受惩罚；因此，可以合理地执行惩罚的持久性。
Consequently the immediate _end of punishment_ is, in the particular case, _the fulfilment of the law as a contract_.
因此，在特定情况下，“惩罚的立即结束”就是“法律作为契约的履行”。
But the one end of the _law_ is _deterrence_ from the infringement of the rights of others.
但该法律的目的之一是“威慑”他人权利的侵犯。
For, in order that every one may be protected from suffering wrong, men have combined to form a state, have renounced the doing of wrong, and assumed the task of maintaining the state.
因为，为了使每个人都免受错误的侵害，人们联合起来组成了一个国家，放弃了错误的行为，并承担了维持国家的任务。
Thus the law and the fulfilment of it, the punishment, are essentially directed to the _future_, not to the _past_.
因此，法律及其实施，即惩罚，本质上是针对_未来_，而不是_过去_。
This distinguishes _punishment_ from _revenge_; for the motives which instigate the latter are solely concerned with what has happened, and thus with the past as such.
这将_惩罚_与_复仇_区分开来；因为引发后者的动机仅仅与已经发生的事情有关，因此与过去本身有关。
All requital of wrong by the infliction of pain, without any aim for the future, is revenge, and can have no other end than consolation for the suffering one has borne by the sight of the suffering one has inflicted upon another.
所有通过施加痛苦而对错误进行的报复，没有任何未来的目标，都是报复，除了通过看到一个人给另一个人造成的痛苦来安慰一个人所承受的痛苦之外，没有其他目的。
This is wickedness and cruelty, and cannot be morally justified.
这是邪恶和残忍的行为，在道德上是站不住脚的。
Wrong which some one has inflicted upon me by no means entitles me to inflict wrong upon him.
某人对我造成的错误决不代表我有权利对他造成错误。
The requital of evil with evil without further intention is neither morally nor otherwise through any rational ground to be justified, and the _jus talionis_ set up as the absolute, final principle of the right of punishment, is meaningless.
没有进一步意图的以恶报恶，无论在道义上还是在其他方面，都没有任何理性基础可以证明是正当的，而作为惩罚权的绝对、最终原则而设立的报复法也是毫无意义的。
Therefore Kant’s theory of punishment as mere requital for requital’s sake is a completely groundless and perverse view.
因此，康德的惩罚只是为了报应而报应的理论是毫无根据的、歪曲的观点。
Yet it is always appearing in the writings of many jurists, under all kinds of lofty phrases, which amount to nothing but empty words, as: Through the punishment the crime is expiated or neutralised and abolished, and many such.
然而，在许多法学家的著作中，却总是出现各种崇高的词句，但这些词句只不过是空话，如：通过刑罚，犯罪得以弥补或中和、废除等等。
But no man has the right to set himself up as a purely moral judge and requiter, and punish the misdeeds of another with pains which he inflicts upon him, and so to impose penance upon him for his sins.
但任何人都无权将自己定位为纯粹的道德审判者和报应者，并用他对他人造成的痛苦来惩罚他人的不当行为，从而对他的罪行进行忏悔。
Nay, this would rather be the most presumptuous arrogance; and therefore the Bible says, “Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord.” But man has the right to care for the safety of society; and this can only be done by interdicting all actions which are denoted by the word “criminal,” in order to prevent them by means of counter-motives, which are the threatened punishments.
不，这宁愿是最狂妄的狂妄；因此圣经说：“伸冤在我；主说，我必报应。”但人有权利关心社会的安全；要做到这一点，只能通过制止所有“犯罪”一词所指的行为，并通过反动机（即威胁性惩罚）来防止它们的发生。
And this threat can only be made effective by carrying it out when a case occurs in spite of it.
而且，只有当案件发生时，这种威胁才能发挥作用。
Accordingly that the end of punishment, or more accurately of penal law, is the deterrence from crime, is a truth so generally recognised and indeed self-evident, that in England it is expressed in the very old form of indictment which is still served by the counsel for the Crown in criminal actions, for it concludes with the words, “If this be proved, you, the said N.
因此，惩罚的目的，或者更准确地说，刑法的目的，是对犯罪的威慑，这是一个普遍公认的真理，而且实际上是不言而喻的，以至于在英国，它以非常古老的起诉书形式表达出来，这种形式仍然由刑事诉讼中皇家律师，因为它的结论是：“如果这一点被证明，你，上述 N.
N., ought to be punished with pains of law, to deter others from the like crimes in all time coming.” If a prince desires to extend mercy to a criminal who has justly been condemned, his Ministers will represent to him that, if he does, this crime will soon be repeated.
N.，应该受到法律的严厉惩罚，以阻止其他人今后再犯类似的罪行。”如果一个君主想要对一个受到正义谴责的罪犯表示仁慈，那么他的大臣们就会向他表示，如果他这样做了，这种罪行很快就会重演。
An end for the future distinguishes punishment from revenge, and punishment only has this end when it is inflicted _in fulfilment of a law_.
未来的目的将惩罚与复仇区分开来，而惩罚只有在“履行法律”时才具有这个目的。
It thus announces itself as inevitable in every future case, and thus the law obtains the power to deter, in which its end really consists.
因此，它宣布自己在未来的每一个案件中都是不可避免的，因此法律获得了威慑力，而这正是其目的的真正所在。
Now here a Kantian would inevitably reply that certainly according to this view the punished criminal would be used “merely as a means.” This proposition, so unweariedly repeated by all the Kantians, “Man must always be treated as an end, never as a means,” certainly sounds significant, and is therefore a very suitable proposition for those who like to have a formula which saves them all further thought; but looked at in the light, it is an exceedingly vague, indefinite assertion, which reaches its aim quite indirectly, requires to be explained, defined, and modified in every case of its application, and, if taken generally, is insufficient, meagre, and moreover problematical.
在这里，康德主义者不可避免地会回答说，根据这种观点，受惩罚的罪犯肯定会被用来“仅仅作为一种手段”。所有康德主义者不知疲倦地重复的这个命题，“人必须始终被视为目的，而不是手段”，听起来确实很重要，因此对于那些喜欢有一个拯救所有人的公式的人来说，这是一个非常合适的命题进一步思考；但从长远来看，它是一个极其模糊、不确定的断言，它相当间接地达到了它的目的，需要在其应用的每一个案例中进行解释、定义和修改，而且，如果一般地考虑，它是不充分的、微不足道的，而且还有问题。
The murderer who has been condemned to the punishment of death according to law must now, at any rate, and with complete right, be used as a mere means.
依法被判处死刑的凶手现在无论如何都必须被用作纯粹的手段，这是完全正确的。
For public security, the chief end of the state, is disturbed by him; indeed it is abolished if the law is not carried out.
因为公共安全，国家的首要目的，被他扰乱了。事实上，如果法律不得到执行，它就会被废除。
The murderer, his life, his person, must now be the means of fulfilling the law, and thereby of re-establishing the public security.
凶手、他的生命、他的人，现在必须成为履行法律、从而重建公共安全的手段。
And he is made such a means with perfect right, in fulfilment of the contract of the state, which was entered into by him because he was a citizen, and in accordance with which, in order to enjoy security for his life, freedom, and property, he has pledged his life, his freedom, and his property for the security of all, which pledge has now been forfeited.
他被赋予完全的权利，以履行国家契约，该契约是他因为他是公民而签订的，并根据该契约，为了享有生命安全、自由和权利。财产，他已承诺将自己的生命、自由和财产用于所有人的安全，但这一承诺现已被没收。
 This theory of punishment which we have established, the theory which is directly supported by sound reason, is certainly in the main no new thought; but it is a thought which was almost supplanted by new errors, and therefore it was necessary to exhibit it as distinctly as possible.
我们所建立的这种有合理理性直接支持的惩罚理论，大体上当然不是什么新思想。但这种思想几乎已经被新的错误所取代，因此有必要尽可能清晰地展示它。
The same thing is in its essence contained in what Puffendorf says on the subject, “_De Officio Hominis et Civis_” (Bk.
普芬多夫就该主题所说的话本质上也包含同样的内容，“_De Officio Hominis et Civis_”（Bk.
ii.
二.
chap.
第一章
12).
12）。
Hobbes also agrees with it, “Leviathan” (chaps.
霍布斯也同意这一点，《利维坦》（第 7 章）
15-28).
15-28）。
In our own day Feurbach is well known to have maintained it.
在我们这个时代，众所周知，费尔巴哈一直维护着它。
Indeed, it occurs even in the utterances of the ancient philosophers.
事实上，它甚至出现在古代哲学家的言论中。
Plato expresses it clearly in the “Protagoras” (p.
柏拉图在《普罗泰戈拉》中清楚地表达了这一点（第 17 页）。
114, edit.
114，编辑。
Bip.), also in the “Gorgias” (p.
Bip.），也见于《高尔吉亚》（第 17 页）。
168), and lastly in the eleventh book of the “Laws” (p.
168），最后是“法律”第十一本书（第 168 页）。
165).
165）。
Seneca expresses Plato’s opinion and the theory of all punishment in the short sentence, “_Nemo prudens punit, quia peccatum est; sed ne peccetur_” (De Ira, i.
塞内卡用短短的一句话表达了柏拉图的观点和所有惩罚的理论：“_Nemo prudens punit, quia peccatum est; _Nemo prudens punit, quia peccatum est; sed ne peccetur_”（De Ira，i.
16).
16）。
 Thus we have come to recognise in the state the means by which egoism endowed with reason seeks to escape from its own evil consequences which turn against itself, and now each promotes the well-being of all because he sees that his own well-being is involved in it.
因此，我们逐渐认识到，在国家中，具有理性的利己主义寻求逃避其自身不利后果的手段，现在每个人都促进所有人的福祉，因为他看到自己的福祉是参与其中。
If the state attained its end completely, then to a certain extent something approaching to an Utopia might finally, by the removal of all kinds of evil, be brought about.
如果国家完全达到了终点，那么在某种程度上，通过消除各种邪恶，最终可能会实现接近乌托邦的目标。
For by the human powers united in it, it is able to make the rest of nature more and more serviceable.
因为通过人类的力量联合起来，它能够使自然界的其他部分变得越来越有用。
But as yet the state has always remained very far from this goal.
但迄今为止，国家距离这一目标始终还很遥远。
And even if it attained to it, innumerable evils essential to all life would still keep it in suffering; and finally, if they were all removed, ennui would at once occupy every place they left.
即使它达到了这一点，所有生命所必需的无数邪恶仍然会使其处于痛苦之中。最后，如果他们全部被移除，无聊就会立刻占据他们留下的每一个地方。
And besides, the strife of individuals is never completely abolished by the state, for it vexes in trifles when it is prohibited in greater things.
此外，国家永远不会完全消除个人的冲突，因为当大事被禁止时，它就会在小事上烦恼。
Finally, Eris, happily expelled from within, turns to what is without; as the conflict of individuals, she is banished by the institution of the state; but she reappears from without as the war of nations, and now demands in bulk and at once, as an accumulated debt, the bloody sacrifice which by wise precautions has been denied her in the particular.
最后，厄里斯高兴地从内部被驱逐，转向外部。作为个人的冲突，她被国家机构放逐；但她却以国家战争的形式从外部重新出现，现在立即要求大量的血腥牺牲，作为累积的债务，而通过明智的预防措施，她却拒绝了这种血腥的牺牲。
And even supposing that all this were finally overcome and removed, by wisdom founded on the experience of thousands of years, at the end the result would be the actual over-population of the whole planet, the terrible evil of which only a bold imagination can now realise.(76)  § 63.
即使假设所有这一切最终被建立在数千年经验基础上的智慧所克服和消除，最终的结果将是整个地球的实际人口过剩，其可怕的邪恶只有大胆的想象才能实现。现在意识到。(76) § 63。
We have recognised _temporal justice_, which has its seat in the state, as requiting and punishing, and have seen that this only becomes justice through a reference to the _future_.
我们已经认识到，在国家中占有一席之地的“暂时正义”是报应和惩罚，并且看到，只有通过提及“未来”，这才成为正义。
For without this reference all punishing and requiting would be an outrage without justification, and indeed merely the addition of another evil to that which has already occurred, without meaning or significance.
因为如果没有这一点，所有的惩罚和报复都将是一种毫无道理的暴行，实际上只是在已经发生的事情上增加了另一种邪恶，没有任何意义或意义。
But it is quite otherwise with _eternal justice_, which was referred to before, and which rules not the state but the world, is not dependent upon human institutions, is not subject to chance and deception, is not uncertain, wavering, and erring, but infallible, fixed, and sure.
但前面提到的“永恒正义”则完全不同，它统治的不是国家而是世界，不依赖于人类制度，不受偶然和欺骗的影响，不是不确定的、动摇的和错误的，而是无误的、固定的、确定的。
The conception of requital implies that of time; therefore _eternal justice_ cannot be requital.
报应的概念隐含着时间的概念？因此，_永恒的正义_不可能是报应。
Thus it cannot, like temporal justice, admit of respite and delay, and require time in order to triumph, equalising the evil deed by the evil consequences only by means of time.
因此，它不能像世俗正义那样允许喘息和拖延，需要时间才能取得胜利，只能通过时间来抵消恶行与恶果。
The punishment must here be so bound up with the offence that both are one.
这里的惩罚必须与罪行密切相关，两者是一体的。
      Δοκειτε πηδᾳν τ᾽ αδικηματ᾽ εις θεους     Πτεροισι, κἀπειτ᾽ εν Διος δελτου πτυχαις     Γραφειν τιν᾽ αυτα, Ζηνα δ᾽ εισορωντα νιν     Θνητοις δικαζειν? Ουδ᾽ ὁ παρ ουρανος,     Διος γραφοντος ταρ βροτων ἁμαρτιας,     Εξαρκεσειεν, ουδ᾽ εκεινος αν σκοπων     Πεμπειν ἑκαστῳ ζημιαν; αλλ᾽ ἡ Δικη     Ενταυθα που εστιν εγγυς, ει βουλεσθ᾽ ὁρᾳν.
你审判众神的错误行为吗，Pteroisis，你在宙斯手中读到这些经文，而凡人不审判它们吗？写下罪孽咒诅的天上之神Exarchesien难道不是有意伤害每一个人吗？但担保人 Entauta 的权利现在正在审理中。
     Eurip.
欧里普.
ap.
美联社
Stob.
斯托布。
Ecl., i.
Ecl.，i.
c.
C。
4
4
     (“Volare pennis scelera ad ætherias domus     Putatis, illic in Jovis tabularia     Scripto referri; tum Jovem lectis super     Sententiam proferre?—sed mortalium     Facinora cœli, quantaquanta est, regia     Nequit tenere: nec legendis Juppiter     Et puniendis par est.
 （“Volare pennis scelera ad ætherias domus Putatis，illic in Jovis tabularia Scriptoreferri；tum Jovem lectis super Sententiam proferre？—sed mortalium Facinora coœli，quantaquanta est，regia Nequit tenere：nec legendis Juppiter Et puniendis par est。
Est tamen ultio,     Et, si intuemur, illa nos habitat prope.”)   Now that such an eternal justice really lies in the nature of the world will soon become completely evident to whoever has grasped the whole of the thought which we have hitherto been developing.
Est tamen ultio, Et, si intuemur, illa noshabitat prope。”）现在，这种永恒的正义确实存在于世界的本质之中，对于任何掌握了我们迄今一直在发展的整个思想的人来说，很快就会变得完全显而易见。 。
 The world, in all the multiplicity of its parts and forms, is the manifestation, the objectivity, of the one will to live.
世界，以其各部分和形式的多样性，是单一生存意志的表现和客观性。
Existence itself, and the kind of existence, both as a collective whole and in every part, proceeds from the will alone.
存在本身，以及存在的种类，无论是作为一个集体整体还是在每个部分，都仅源于意志。
The will is free, the will is almighty.
意志是自由的，意志是全能的。
The will appears in everything, just as it determines itself in itself and outside time.
意志出现在一切事物中，正如它在自身和外部时间中决定自己一样。
The world is only the mirror of this willing; and all finitude, all suffering, all miseries, which it contains, belong to the expression of that which the will wills, are as they are because the will so wills.
世界只是这个意愿的镜子；它所包含的所有有限性、所有苦难、所有不幸，都属于意志所欲之物的表达，之所以如此，是因为意志如此所欲。
Accordingly with perfect right every being supports existence in general, and also the existence of its species and its peculiar individuality, entirely as it is and in circumstances as they are, in a world such as it is, swayed by chance and error, transient, ephemeral, and constantly suffering; and in all that it experiences, or indeed can experience, it always gets its due.
因此，每个存在都以完美的权利支持普遍存在，也支持其物种及其独特个性的存在，完全按照其本来面目，在它们所处的环境中，在一个因偶然和错误而摇摆的世界中，瞬息万变，转瞬即逝，并且不断受苦；在它所经历的、或者确实能够经历的一切中，它总是得到应得的。
For the will belongs to it; and as the will is, so is the world.
因为意志属于它；意志如何，世界也如何。
Only this world itself can bear the responsibility of its own existence and nature—no other; for by what means could another have assumed it? Do we desire to know what men, morally considered, are worth as a whole and in general, we have only to consider their fate as a whole and in general.
只有这个世界本身才能承担其自身存在和本质的责任，没有其他人；因为别人可以通过什么方式假设它呢？我们是否想知道，从道德角度来看，人作为一个整体和一般来说有什么价值，我们只需要从整体和一般意义上考虑他们的命运。
This is want, wretchedness, affliction, misery, and death.
这就是匮乏、不幸、痛苦、痛苦和死亡。
Eternal justice reigns; if they were not, as a whole, worthless, their fate, as a whole, would not be so sad.
永恒的正义统治；如果他们整体上不是一文不值，那么他们的命运整体上就不会那么悲惨。
In this sense we may say, the world itself is the judgment of the world.
从这个意义上来说，我们可以说，世界本身就是对世界的判断。
If we could lay all the misery of the world in one scale of the balance, and all the guilt of the world in the other, the needle would certainly point to the centre.
如果我们能把世界上所有的苦难放在天平的一个天平上，而把世界上所有的罪恶放在另一个天平上，那么指针肯定会指向中心。
 Certainly, however, the world does not exhibit itself to the knowledge of the individual as such, developed for the service of the will, as it finally reveals itself to the inquirer as the objectivity of the one and only will to live, which he himself is.
然而，当然，世界并不向个人的知识本身展示自己，这种知识是为意志服务而发展起来的，因为它最终向探究者揭示了自己是唯一的生存意志的客观性，而他本人就是这个意志的客观性。是。
But the sight of the uncultured individual is clouded, as the Hindus say, by the veil of Mâyâ.
但正如印度教徒所说，没有文化的人的视野被玛雅的面纱所遮蔽。
He sees not the thing-in-itself but the phenomenon in time and space, the _principium individuationis_, and in the other forms of the principle of sufficient reason.
他看到的不是物自体，而是时间和空间中的现象、个体化原则以及充足理由原则的其他形式。
And in this form of his limited knowledge he sees not the inner nature of things, which is one, but its phenomena as separated, disunited, innumerable, very different, and indeed opposed.
在他有限的知识的这种形式中，他看到的不是事物的内在本质（它是一个），而是它的现象是分离的、不统一的、无数的、非常不同的、甚至是对立的。
For to him pleasure appears as one thing and pain as quite another thing: one man as a tormentor and a murderer, another as a martyr and a victim; wickedness as one thing and evil as another.
因为对他来说，快乐是一回事，痛苦则是另一回事：一个人是施虐者和杀人犯，另一个人是烈士和受害者；邪恶是一回事，邪恶又是另一回事。
He sees one man live in joy, abundance, and pleasure, and even at his door another die miserably of want and cold.
他看到一个人生活在欢乐、富足和快乐之中，而另一个人甚至在他家门口也因匮乏和寒冷而悲惨地死去。
Then he asks, Where is the retribution? And he himself, in the vehement, pressure of will which is his origin and his nature, seizes upon the pleasures and enjoyments of life, firmly embraces them, and knows not that by this very act of his will he seizes and hugs all those pains and sorrows at the sight of which he shudders.
又问：报应在哪里？而他自己，在作为他的起源和本性的意志的强烈压力下，抓住了生活的快乐和享受，牢牢地拥抱它们，却不知道正是通过他的意志的这种行动，他抓住并拥抱了所有这些痛苦。看到他不寒而栗的悲伤。
He sees the ills and he sees the wickedness in the world, but far from knowing that both of these are but different sides of the manifestation of the one will to live, he regards them as very different, and indeed quite opposed, and often seeks to escape by wickedness, _i.e._, by causing the suffering of another, from ills, from the suffering of his own individuality, for he is involved in the _principium individuationis_, deluded by the veil of Mâyâ.
他看到了世界上的弊病和邪恶，但他根本不知道这两者只不过是求生意志的不同方面，他认为它们是截然不同的，甚至是相当对立的，并且经常寻求通过邪恶来逃避，也就是说，通过给他人带来痛苦，逃避疾病，逃避自己个性的痛苦，因为他陷入了个体化原理，被摩耶面纱所迷惑。
Just as a sailor sits in a boat trusting to his frail barque in a stormy sea, unbounded in every direction, rising and falling with the howling mountainous waves; so in the midst of a world of sorrows the individual man sits quietly, supported by and trusting to the _principium individuationis_, or the way in which the individual knows things as phenomena.
就像一个水手坐在一艘船上，在波涛汹涌的大海中，依靠着他那脆弱的三桅帆船，四面八方无边无际，随着呼啸的山涛起伏；因此，在一个充满悲伤的世界中，个体静静地坐着，受到“个体化原理”的支持和信任，或者说个体将事物理解为现象的方式。
The boundless world, everywhere full of suffering in the infinite past, in the infinite future, is strange to him, indeed is to him but a fable; his ephemeral person, his extensionless present, his momentary satisfaction, this alone has reality for him; and he does all to maintain this, so long as his eyes are not opened by a better knowledge.
无边的世界，在无限的过去，在无限的未来，处处充满痛苦，对他来说是陌生的，对他来说确实只是一个寓言；他的短暂的人，他无边无际的现在，他短暂的满足，仅此一点对他来说就具有现实性；只要他的眼睛没有因更好的知识而睁开，他就会尽一切努力维持这一点。
Till then, there lives only in the inmost depths of his consciousness a very obscure presentiment that all that is after all not really so strange to him, but has a connection with him, from which the _principium individuationis_ cannot protect him.
直到那时，在他意识的最深处，只存在着一种非常模糊的预感，这一切对他来说毕竟并不那么陌生，而是与他有联系，而个人原则无法保护他免受这种联系。
From this presentiment arises that ineradicable _awe_ common to all men (and indeed perhaps even to the most sensible of the brutes) which suddenly seizes them if by any chance they become puzzled about the _principium individuationis_, because the principle of sufficient reason in some one of its forms seems to admit of an exception.
从这种预感中，我们会产生一种所有人都共有的根深蒂固的敬畏感（事实上，甚至可能连最明智的畜生也有这种感觉），一旦他们对个体化原理感到困惑，这种敬畏感就会突然抓住他们，因为充分理由原则在某些人身上是存在的。它的形式似乎承认有一个例外。
For example, if it seems as if some change took place without a cause, or some one who is dead appears again, or if in any other way the past or the future becomes present or the distant becomes near.
例如，如果似乎无缘无故地发生了某种变化，或者某个死去的人再次出现，或者以任何其他方式过去或未来变成了现在，或者遥远的变得很近。
The fearful terror at anything of the kind is founded on the fact that they suddenly become puzzled about the forms of knowledge of the phenomenon, which alone separate their own individuality from the rest of the world.
对任何此类事物的可怕恐惧是基于这样一个事实：他们突然对这种现象的知识形式感到困惑，正是这些知识将他们自己的个性与世界其他地方区分开来。
But even this separation lies only in the phenomenon, and not in the thing-in-itself; and on this rests eternal justice.
但即使这种分离也只存在于现象中，而不存在于物自体中。永恒的正义就建立在这一点上。
In fact, all temporal happiness stands, and all prudence proceeds, upon ground that is undermined.
事实上，所有暂时的幸福都建立在被破坏的基础上，所有的谨慎都在被破坏的基础上进行。
They defend the person from accidents and supply its pleasures; but the person is merely phenomenon, and its difference from other individuals, and exemption from the sufferings which they endure, rests merely in the form of the phenomenon, the _principium individuationis_.
它们保护人免受事故的影响并提供快乐；但人只是现象，它与其他个体的区别以及对他们所忍受的痛苦的免除，仅仅在于现象的形式，即“个体化原理”。
According to the true nature of things, every one has all the suffering of the world as his own, and indeed has to regard all merely possible suffering as for him actual, so long as he is the fixed will to live, _i.e._, asserts life with all his power.
根据事物的本质，每个人都将世界上所有的痛苦视为自己的痛苦，并且实际上，只要他有坚定的生存意志，就必须将所有可能的痛苦视为现实。 _，用他的全部力量维护生命。
For the knowledge that sees through the _principium individuationis_, a happy life in time, the gift of chance or won by prudence, amid the sorrows of innumerable others, is only the dream of a beggar in which he is a king, but from which he must awake and learn from experience that only a fleeting illusion had separated him from the suffering of his life.
因为洞察个人原则的知识，及时的幸福生活，机会的礼物或谨慎赢得的，在无数其他人的悲伤中，只是一个乞丐的梦想，在这个梦想中他是一个国王，但从这个梦想中他必须清醒过来，从经验中认识到，只有转瞬即逝的幻象才使他脱离了生活的痛苦。
 Eternal justice withdraws itself from the vision that is involved in the knowledge which follows the principle of sufficient reason in the _principium individuationis_; such vision misses it altogether unless it vindicates it in some way by fictions.
永恒的正义退出了知识所涉及的视野，而知识遵循个体化原则中充分理性的原则；这种愿景完全错过了它，除非它以某种方式通过虚构来证明它是正确的。
It sees the bad, after misdeeds and cruelties of every kind, live in happiness and leave the world unpunished.
它看到了坏事，在经历了各种不法行为和残酷行为之后，幸福地生活着，让世界不受惩罚。
It sees the oppressed drag out a life full of suffering to the end without an avenger, a requiter appearing.
它看到被压迫者拖着充满痛苦的一生走到最后，却没有复仇者、补偿者出现。
But that man only will grasp and comprehend eternal justice who raises himself above the knowledge that proceeds under the guidance of the principle of sufficient reason, bound to the particular thing, and recognises the Ideas, sees through the _principium individuationis_, and becomes conscious that the forms of the phenomenon do not apply to the thing-in-itself.
但是，只有这样的人才能掌握和理解永恒的正义：他将自己提升到在充分理性原则指导下进行的知识之上，受制于特定的事物，并认识到理念，看穿个体化原则，并意识到现象的形式不适用于事物本身。
Moreover, he alone, by virtue of the same knowledge, can understand the true nature of virtue, as it will soon disclose itself to us in connection with the present inquiry, although for the practice of virtue this knowledge in the abstract is by no means demanded.
此外，只有他凭借同样的知识，才能理解美德的真正本质，因为它很快就会在当前的探究中向我们揭示自己，尽管对于美德的实践来说，这种抽象的知识绝不是要求。
Thus it becomes clear to whoever has attained to the knowledge referred to, that because the will is the in-itself of all phenomena, the misery which is awarded to others and that which he experiences himself, the bad and the evil, always concerns only that one inner being which is everywhere the same, although the phenomena in which the one and the other exhibits itself exist as quite different individuals, and are widely separated by time and space.
因此，无论谁获得了上述知识，都会清楚地认识到，由于意志是所有现象的本质，因此给予他人的痛苦以及他自己经历的痛苦，坏的和邪恶的，总是只涉及尽管其中一个和另一个展现自身的现象作为完全不同的个体而存在，并且被时间和空间相距甚远，但一个内在的存在在任何地方都是相同的。
He sees that the difference between him who inflicts the suffering and him who must bear it is only the phenomenon, and does not concern the thing-in-itself, for this is the will living in both, which here, deceived by the knowledge which is bound to its service, does not recognise itself, and seeking an increased happiness in _one_ of its phenomena, produces great suffering in _another_, and thus, in the pressure of excitement, buries its teeth in its own flesh, not knowing that it always injures only itself, revealing in this form, through the medium of individuality, the conflict with itself which it bears in its inner nature.
他看到，施加痛苦的人和必须承受痛苦的人之间的区别只是现象，与自在之物无关，因为这是生活在两者之中的意志，在这里，它被知识所欺骗。受制于它的服务，不认识自己，并在它的一个现象中寻求增加的幸福，在另一个现象中产生巨大的痛苦，因此，在兴奋的压力下，把牙齿埋进自己的肉体中，不知道它总是只伤害它自己，通过个体性的媒介，以这种形式揭示它内在本性中所承受的与自身的冲突。
The inflicter of suffering and the sufferer are one.
痛苦的施加者和受苦者是一体的。
The former errs in that he believes he is not a partaker in the suffering; the latter, in that he believes he is not a partaker in the guilt.
前者的错误在于他认为自己没有参与苦难；后者的错误在于他认为自己没有参与苦难。后者，因为他相信自己不参与犯罪。
If the eyes of both were opened, the inflicter of suffering would see that he lives in all that suffers pain in the wide world, and which, if endowed with reason, in vain asks why it was called into existence for such great suffering, its desert of which it does not understand.
如果双方的眼睛都睁开，痛苦的加害者就会看到他生活在广阔的世界中所有遭受痛苦的人之中，而如果被赋予理性，徒劳地询问为什么它会产生如此巨大的痛苦，它的存在它不理解的沙漠。
And the sufferer would see that all the wickedness which is or ever was committed in the world proceeds from that will which constitutes _his_ own nature also, appears also in _him_, and that through this phenomenon and its assertion he has taken upon himself all the sufferings which proceed from such a will and bears them as his due, so long as he is this will.
受苦者会看到，世界上现在或曾经犯下的所有邪恶都源于构成他自己本性的意志，也出现在他身上，并且通过这种现象及其主张，他将所有的痛苦承担在自己身上。只要他是这个遗嘱，它就源于这样一个遗嘱，并将它们视为他应得的。
From this knowledge speaks the profound poet Calderon in “Life a Dream”—       “Pues el delito mayor     Del hombre es haber nacido.”      (“For the greatest crime of man     Is that he ever was born.”)   Why should it not be a crime, since, according to an eternal law, death follows upon it? Calderon has merely expressed in these lines the Christian dogma of original sin.
深奥的诗人卡尔德隆在《人生如梦》中从这一认识中说出——“Pues el delito mayor Del hombre es haber nacido”。 （“人最大的罪行就是他出生了。”）既然根据永恒的法则，死亡随之而来，为什么它不应该是犯罪呢？卡尔德隆在这些诗句中仅仅表达了基督教的原罪教义。
 The living knowledge of eternal justice, of the balance that inseparably binds together the _malum culpæ_ with the _malum pœnæ_, demands the complete transcending of individuality and the principle of its possibility.
关于永恒正义的活生生的知识，关于将罪过与罪责不可分割地结合在一起的平衡，要求完全超越个体及其可能性的原则。
Therefore it will always remain unattainable to the majority of men, as will also be the case with the pure and distinct knowledge of the nature of all virtue, which is akin to it, and which we are about to explain.
因此，对于大多数人来说，它永远是遥不可及的，就像对所有美德本质的纯粹而清晰的认识一样，与它相似，我们将要解释这一点。
Accordingly the wise ancestors of the Hindu people have directly expressed it in the Vedas, which are only allowed to the three regenerate castes, or in their esoteric teaching, so far at any rate as conception and language comprehend it, and their method of exposition, which always remains pictorial and even rhapsodical, admits; but in the religion of the people, or exoteric teaching, they only communicate it by means of myths.
因此，印度教人民的明智祖先在吠陀经中直接表达了这一点，吠陀经只允许三个重生种姓，或者在他们的深奥教义中，至少在概念和语言理解它方面，以及他们的解释方法，承认它始终保持着图画甚至狂想的色彩；但在民间的宗教或显教中，他们只是通过神话的方式来传达它。
The direct exposition we find in the Vedas, the fruit of the highest human knowledge and wisdom, the kernel of which has at last reached us in the Upanishads as the greatest gift of this century.
我们在《吠陀经》中找到的直接阐述，是人类最高知识和智慧的成果，其核心终于在《奥义书》中作为本世纪最伟大的礼物到达我们手中。
It is expressed in various ways, but especially by making all the beings in the world, living and lifeless, pass successively before the view of the student, and pronouncing over every one of them that word which has become a formula, and as such has been called the Mahavakya: Tatoumes,—more correctly, Tat twam asi,—which means, “This thou art.”(77) But for the people, that great truth, so far as in their limited condition they could comprehend it, was translated into the form of knowledge which follows the principle of sufficient reason.
它以多种方式表达，但特别是通过让世界上所有的生物，无论是有生命的还是无生命的，依次经过学生的视野，并对它们中的每一个念出那个已经成为公式的词，这样就可以了。被称为 Mahavakya: Tatoumes，更准确地说，Tat twam asi，意思是“这就是你。”(77) 但对于人民来说，这个伟大的真理，就他们在有限的条件下所能理解的而言，是转化为遵循充足理由原则的知识形式。
This form of knowledge is indeed, from its nature, quite incapable of apprehending that truth pure and in itself, and even stands in contradiction to it, yet in the form of a myth it received a substitute for it which was sufficient as a guide for conduct.
这种形式的知识确实，从其本质上来说，完全无法理解纯粹的真理本身，甚至与真理相矛盾，但它以神话的形式获得了替代品，足以作为对真理的指导。执行。
For the myth enables the method of knowledge, in accordance with the principle of sufficient reason, to comprehend by figurative representation the ethical significance of conduct, which itself is ever foreign to it.
因为神话使知识方法能够根据充足理由的原则，通过形象的表现来理解行为的伦理意义，而行为本身对它来说是陌生的。
This is the aim of all systems of religion, for as a whole they are the mythical clothing of the truth which is unattainable to the uncultured human intellect.
这是所有宗教体系的目标，因为作为一个整体，它们是真理的神话外衣，而对于未受过教育的人类智力来说，这是无法达到的。
In this sense this myth might, in Kant’s language, be called a postulate of the practical reason; but regarded as such, it has the great advantage that it contains absolutely no elements but such as lie before our eyes in the course of actual experience, and can therefore support all its conceptions with perceptions.
从这个意义上说，用康德的语言来说，这个神话可以被称为实践理性的假设。但这样看来，它有一个很大的优点，那就是它除了在实际经验过程中出现在我们眼前的元素之外，绝对不包含任何元素，因此可以用感知来支持它的所有概念。
What is here referred to is the myth of the transmigration of souls.
这里指的是灵魂轮回神话。
It teaches that all sufferings which in life one inflicts upon other beings must be expiated in a subsequent life in this world, through precisely the same sufferings; and this extends so far, that he who only kills a brute must, some time in endless time, be born as the same kind of brute and suffer the same death.
它教导说，一个人在一生中给其他众生造成的所有痛苦，都必须在来世通过完全相同的痛苦来消除。这延伸到了这样的程度，即只杀死畜生的人必须在无尽的时间里的某个时候，作为同一种畜生而出生，并遭受同样的死亡。
It teaches that wicked conduct involves a future life in this world in suffering and despised creatures, and, accordingly, that one will then be born again in lower castes, or as a woman, or as a brute, as Pariah or Tschandala, as a leper, or as a crocodile, and so forth.
它教导说，邪恶的行为涉及到在这个世界上受苦和被鄙视的生物的未来生活，因此，一个人将重生在较低的种姓中，或者作为一个女人，或者作为一个畜生，作为贱民或查达拉，作为一个麻风病人，或者鳄鱼，等等。
All the pains which the myth threatens it supports with perceptions from actual life, through suffering creatures which do not know how they have merited their misery, and it does not require to call in the assistance of any other hell.
神话所威胁的所有痛苦，都是通过现实生活中的感知来支持的，通过受苦的生物来支持，这些生物不知道自己是如何应得这些痛苦的，而且不需要求助于任何其他地狱的帮助。
As a reward, on the other hand, it promises re-birth in better, nobler forms, as Brahmans, wise men, or saints.
另一方面，作为一种奖励，它承诺以更好、更高贵的形式重生，如婆罗门、智者或圣人。
The highest reward, which awaits the noblest deeds and the completest resignation, which is also given to the woman who in seven successive lives has voluntarily died on the funeral pile of her husband, and not less to the man whose pure mouth has never uttered a single lie,—this reward the myth can only express negatively in the language of this world by the promise, which is so often repeated, that they shall never be born again, _Non adsumes iterum existentiam apparentem_; or, as the Buddhists, who recognise neither Vedas nor castes, express it, “Thou shalt attain to Nirvâna,” _i.e._, to a state in which four things no longer exist—birth, age, sickness, and death.
最高的奖赏，等待着最崇高的行为和最彻底的放弃，这也给予连续七世自愿死在丈夫的葬礼堆上的女人，也给予那些纯洁的嘴从未说过一句话的男人。单一的谎言，——这种奖励神话只能用这个世界的语言通过经常重复的承诺来消极地表达，即他们将永远不会重生，_Non adsumes iterumexesentiamappearem_；或者，正如既不承认吠陀经也不承认种姓的佛教徒所表达的那样，“你将达到涅槃”，即到达一种不再存在四件事的状态——出生、年龄、疾病和死亡。
 Never has a myth entered, and never will one enter, more closely into the philosophical truth which is attainable to so few than this primitive doctrine of the noblest and most ancient nation.
从来没有一个神话，也永远不会比这个最崇高、最古老的民族的这种原始学说更接近哲学真理，而只有少数人才能获得这种真理。
Broken up as this nation now is into many parts, this myth yet reigns as the universal belief of the people, and has the most decided influence upon life to-day, as four thousand years ago.
尽管这个国家现在已分裂成许多部分，但这个神话仍然是人们的普遍信仰，并且与四千年前一样，对今天的生活产生了最决定性的影响。
Therefore Pythagoras and Plato have seized with admiration on that _ne plus ultra_ of mythical representation, received it from India or Egypt, honoured it, made use of it, and, we know not how far, even believed it.
因此，毕达哥拉斯和柏拉图怀着钦佩之情抓住了这种超凡的神话表现形式，从印度或埃及接受了它，尊重它，利用它，而且，我们不知道在多大程度上，甚至相信它。
We, on the contrary, now send the Brahmans English clergymen and evangelical linen-weavers to set them right out of sympathy, and to show them that they are created out of nothing, and ought thankfully to rejoice in the fact.
相反，我们现在派出英国婆罗门教的牧师和福音派亚麻织工来纠正他们，是出于同情，并向他们表明，他们是从虚无中创造出来的，应该庆幸地为此感到高兴。
But it is just the same as if we fired a bullet against a cliff.
但这就像我们向悬崖开枪一样。
In India our religions will never take root.
在印度，我们的宗教永远不会扎根。
The ancient wisdom of the human race will not be displaced by what happened in Galilee.
人类古老的智慧不会被加利利发生的事情所取代。
On the contrary, Indian philosophy streams back to Europe, and will produce a fundamental change in our knowledge and thought.
相反，印度哲学回流到欧洲，将对我们的知识和思想产生根本性的改变。
 § 64.
 §64.
From our exposition of eternal justice, which is not mythical but philosophical, we will now proceed to the kindred investigation of the ethical significance of conduct and of conscience, which is the merely felt knowledge of that significance.
从我们对永恒正义的阐述（这不是神话而是哲学）开始，我们现在将继续对行为和良心的伦理意义进行类似的研究，而良心只是对这种意义的感知知识。
But first I wish at this point to draw attention to two peculiarities of human nature, that might help to make clear how the nature of that eternal justice, and the unity and identity of the will in all its phenomena upon which it rests, is known to every one, at least as an obscure feeling.
但首先，我希望在这一点上提请注意人性的两个特性，这可能有助于阐明永恒正义的本质，以及意志在其所依赖的所有现象中的统一性和同一性，是如何被认识的对每个人来说，至少是一种模糊的感觉。
 When a bad deed has been done, it affords satisfaction not only to the sufferer, who for the most part feels the desire of revenge, but also to the perfectly indifferent spectator, to see that he who caused another pain suffers himself a like measure of pain; and this quite independently of the end which we have shown the state has in view in punishment, and which is the foundation of penal law.
当一件坏事发生时，不仅让受害人感到满足，他们在很大程度上感到了报复的欲望，而且让完全冷漠的旁观者也感到满足，因为看到造成另一次痛苦的人自己也遭受了同样的痛苦。疼痛;这完全独立于我们所表明的国家惩罚的目的，而这也是刑法的基础。
It seems to me that what expresses itself here is nothing but the consciousness of that eternal justice, which is, nevertheless, at once misunderstood and falsified by the unenlightened mind, for, involved in the _principium individuationis_, it produces an amphiboly of the concepts and demands from the phenomenon what only belongs to the thing in itself.
在我看来，这里所表达的只不过是永恒正义的意识，然而，这种意识立即被未开明的思想所误解和歪曲，因为，在个体化原则中，它产生了概念和正义的两面性。从现象中要求只属于事物本身的东西。
It does not see how far in themselves the offender and the offended are one, and that it is the same being which, not recognising itself in its own manifestation, bears both the pain and the guilt, but it desires rather to see the pain also in the particular individual to whom the guilt belongs.
它看不到冒犯者和被冒犯者本身在多大程度上是一体的，也看不到他们是同一个存在，在其自身的表现中不认识自己，承担着痛苦和罪恶感，但它更希望看到痛苦也罪孽属于特定的个人。
Therefore, most persons would demand that a man who had a very high degree of wickedness which might yet occur in many others, only not matched with other qualities such as are found in him, a man who also far surpassed others by extraordinary intellectual powers, and who inflicted unspeakable sufferings upon millions of others—for example, as a conqueror,—most persons, I say, would demand that such a man should at some time and in some place expiate all these sufferings by a like amount of pain; for they do not recognise how in themselves the inflicter of suffering and the sufferers are one, and that it is the same will through which the latter exist and live which also appears in the former, and just through him attains to a distinct revelation of its nature, and which likewise suffers both in the oppressed and the oppressor; and indeed in the latter in a greater measure, as the consciousness has attained a higher degree of clearness and distinctness and the will has greater vehemence.
因此，大多数人会要求一个具有非常高的邪恶程度的人，这种邪恶程度可能发生在许多其他人身上，只是与他身上发现的其他品质不相匹配，一个在非凡的智力上也远远超过其他人的人，他给数百万人带来了难以形容的痛苦——例如，作为一个征服者——我说，大多数人都会要求这样的人在某个时间、某个地点以同样的痛苦来弥补所有这些痛苦；因为他们不认识到，痛苦的施加者和受苦者本身是如何合一的，而后者的存在和生活正是通过同样的意志而出现在前者中，并且正是通过他，才获得了其痛苦的明确启示。自然，同样在被压迫者和压迫者身上都受到损害；事实上，后者的程度更大，因为意识已经达到了更高程度的清晰和清晰，意志也变得更加强烈。
But that the deeper knowledge, which is no longer involved in the _principium individuationis_, from which all virtue and nobleness proceed, no longer retains the disposition which demands requital, is shown by the Christian ethics, which absolutely forbids all requital of evil with evil, and allows eternal justice to proceed in the sphere of the thing-in-itself, which is different from that of the phenomenon.
但是，更深层次的知识不再包含在个人原则中，而一切美德和高贵都是从个人原则中产生的，不再保留要求报复的性情，这是基督教伦理所表明的，基督教伦理绝对禁止一切以恶报恶。并让永恒的正义在与现象不同的自在之物的范围内进行。
(“Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord,”—Rom.
（主说：“伸冤在我，我必报应。”——罗马书
xii.
十二.
19.)  A much more striking, but also a much rarer, characteristic of human nature, which expresses that desire to draw eternal justice into the province of experience, _i.e._, of individuality, and at the same time indicates a felt consciousness that, as I have expressed it above, the will to live conducts at its own cost the great tragedy and comedy, and that the same one will lives in all manifestations,—such a characteristic, I say, is the following.
19.) 人性的一个更引人注目，但也是一个更罕见的特征，它表达了将永恒正义引入经验领域（即个性领域）的愿望，同时表明了一种感觉正如我上面所表达的那样，我们意识到，生存的意志以其自身的代价制造了伟大的悲剧和喜剧，并且同一个人将以各种表现形式生存——我说，这样的特征如下。
We sometimes see a man so deeply moved by a great injury which he has experienced, or, it may be, only witnessed, that he deliberately and irretrievably stakes his own life in order to take vengeance on the perpetrator of that wrong.
我们有时会看到一个人因他所经历的，或者可能只是亲眼目睹的巨大伤害而深受感动，他故意且无法挽回地拿自己的生命做赌注，以便向肇事者报仇。
We see him seek for some mighty oppressor through long years, murder him at last, and then himself die on the scaffold, as he had foreseen, and often, it may be, did not seek to avoid, for his life had value for him only as a means of vengeance.
我们看到他在漫长的岁月里寻找某个强大的压迫者，最后谋杀了他，然后他自己死在断头台上，正如他所预见的那样，而且通常，它可能并没有寻求避免，因为他的生命对他来说是有价值的只作为复仇的手段。
We find examples of this especially among the Spaniards.(78) If, now, we consider the spirit of that desire for retribution carefully, we find that it is very different from common revenge, which seeks to mitigate the suffering, endured by the sight of the suffering inflicted; indeed, we find that what it aims at deserves to be called, not so much revenge as punishment.
我们尤其在西班牙人中找到了这样的例子。 (78) 如果现在我们仔细考虑这种报复欲望的精神，我们会发现它与普通的报复有很大不同，后者寻求减轻因视觉而承受的痛苦。遭受的痛苦；事实上，我们发现其目的与其说是复仇，不如说是惩罚。
For in it there really lies the intention of an effect upon the future through the example, and that without any selfish aim, either for the avenging person, for it costs him his life, or for a society which secures its own safety by laws.
因为其中确实存在通过榜样对未来产生影响的意图，而且没有任何自私的目的，无论是为了复仇的人，因为这会让他付出生命的代价，还是为了一个通过法律确保自身安全的社会。
For that punishment is carried out by individuals, not by the state, nor is it in fulfilment of a law, but, on the contrary, always concerns a deed which the state either would not or could not punish, and the punishment of which it condemns.
因为这种惩罚是由个人而不是国家实施的，也不是为了履行法律，而是相反，总是涉及国家不愿或不能惩罚的行为，以及国家对其的惩罚。谴责。
It seems to me that the indignation which carries such a man so far beyond the limits of all self-love springs from the deepest consciousness that he himself is the whole will to live, which appears in all beings through all time, and that therefore the most distant future belongs to him just as the present, and cannot be indifferent to him.
在我看来，使这样一个人远远超越一切自爱的限度的愤慨，源于他最深处的意识，即他本人就是整个生存意志，它在所有的时间里都出现在所有存在者身上，因此，最遥远的未来和现在一样属于他，不能对他无动于衷。
Asserting this will, he yet desires that in the drama which represents its nature no such fearful wrong shall ever appear again, and wishes to frighten ever future wrong-doer by the example of a vengeance against which there is no means of defence, since the avenger is not deterred by the fear of death.
在坚持这一意愿的同时，他还希望在代表其本质的戏剧中不再出现这种可怕的错误，并希望通过没有任何防御手段的报复的例子来吓唬未来的不法行为者，因为复仇者不会因死亡的恐惧而退却。
The will to live, though still asserting itself, does not here depend any longer upon the particular phenomenon, the individual, but comprehends the Idea of man, and wishes to keep its manifestation pure from such a fearful and shocking wrong.
生存意志虽然仍然坚持自己，但在这里不再依赖于特定的现象，即个人，而是理解人的理念，并希望保持其纯粹的表现，避免这种可怕和令人震惊的错误。
It is a rare, very significant, and even sublime trait of character through which the individual sacrifices himself by striving to make himself the arm of eternal justice, of the true nature of which he is yet ignorant.
这是一种罕见的、非常重要的、甚至是崇高的品格特征，通过这种特征，个人通过努力使自己成为永恒正义的臂膀而牺牲自己，但他对正义的真正本质却一无所知。
 § 65.
 §65.
In all the preceding investigations of human action, we have been leading up to the final investigation, and have to a considerable extent lightened the task of raising to abstract and philosophical clearness, and exhibiting as a branch of our central thought that special ethical significance of action which in life is with perfect understanding denoted by the words _good_ and _bad_.
在所有先前对人类行为的研究中，我们一直在引导最终的研究，并在相当大的程度上减轻了提高抽象和哲学清晰度的任务，并将作为我们中心思想的一个分支来展示人类行为的特殊伦理意义。生活中具有完美理解的行为，用“好”和“坏”这两个词来表示。
 First, however, I wish to trace back to their real meaning those conceptions of _good_ and _bad_ which have been treated by the philosophical writers of the day, very extraordinarily, as simple conceptions, and thus incapable of analysis; so that the reader may not remain involved in the senseless delusion that they contain more than is actually the case, and express in and for themselves all that is here necessary.
然而，首先，我想追溯一下“好”和“坏”的概念的真正含义，当时的哲学作家非常非同寻常地把这些概念视为简单的概念，因此无法分析。这样读者就不会陷入一种毫无意义的错觉，认为它们包含的内容比实际情况要多，并且它们本身表达了这里所需要的一切。
I am in a position to do this because in ethics I am no more disposed to take refuge behind the word _good_ than formerly behind the words _beautiful_ and _true_, in order that by the adding a “ness,” which at the present day is supposed to have a special σεμνοτης, and therefore to be of assistance in various cases, and by assuming an air of solemnity, I might induce the belief that by uttering three such words I had done more than denote three very wide and abstract, and consequently empty conceptions, of very different origin and significance.
我之所以能够这样做，是因为在伦理学上，我不再倾向于在“好”这个词后面寻求庇护，就像以前在“美丽”和“真实”这两个词后面一样，为了通过添加一个“性”，现在人们认为“性”有一个特殊的σεμνοτης，因此可以在各种情况下提供帮助，并且通过表现出庄严的气氛，我可能会让人相信，通过说出三个这样的词，我所做的不仅仅是表示三个非常广泛和抽象的，因此是空洞的的概念，其起源和意义截然不同。
Who is there, indeed, who has made himself acquainted with the books of our own day to whom these three words, admirable as are the things to which they originally refer, have not become an aversion after he has seen for the thousandth time how those who are least capable of thinking believe that they have only to utter these three words with open mouth and the air of an intelligent sheep, in order to have spoken the greatest wisdom?  The explanation of the concept _true_ has already been given in the essay on the principle of sufficient reason, chap.
确实，有谁熟悉了我们这个时代的书籍，对这些书籍来说，这三个词虽然最初所指的事物令人钦佩，但在他千百次看到这些书籍如何那些最没有思考能力的人相信，只要张着嘴，像一只聪明的羊一样，说出这三个字，就能说出最大的智慧？关于“真实”概念的解释已经在充分理由原则的文章中给出了，第 1 章。
v.
v.
§ 29 _et seq._ The content of the concept _beautiful_ found for the first time its proper explanation through the whole of the Third Book of the present work.
§ 29 _et seq._ _beautiful_这个概念的内容在本书的整个第三本书中首次找到了正确的解释。
We now wish to discover the significance of the concept _good_, which can be done with very little trouble.
我们现在希望发现“好”这个概念的重要性，这可以很容易地完成。
This concept is essentially relative, and signifies _the conformity of an object to any definite effort of the will_.
这个概念本质上是相对的，并且表示“物体与意志的任何明确努力的一致性”。
Accordingly everything that corresponds to the will in any of its expressions and fulfils its end is thought through the concept _good_, however different such things may be in other respects.
因此，任何与意志的任何表达相对应并实现其目的的事物都是通过“善”的概念来思考的，无论这些事物在其他方面可能有所不同。
Thus we speak of good eating, good roads, good weather, good weapons, good omens, and so on; in short, we call everything good that is just as we wish it to be; and therefore that may be good in the eyes of one man which is just the reverse in those of another.
因此，我们谈论好的饮食、好的道路、好的天气、好的武器、好的预兆等等。简而言之，我们称一切如我们所愿的为善；因此，这在一个人看来可能是好事，但在另一个人看来却恰恰相反。
The conception of the good divides itself into two sub-species—that of the direct and present satisfaction of any volition, and that of its indirect satisfaction which has reference to the future, _i.e._, the agreeable and the useful.
善的概念将自身分为两个子类：任何意志的直接和当前的满足，以及涉及未来的间接满足，即令人愉快的和有用的。
The conception of the opposite, so long as we are speaking of unconscious existence, is expressed by the word _bad_, more rarely and abstractly by the word _evil_, which thus denotes everything that does not correspond to any effort of the will.
只要我们谈论无意识的存在，相反的概念就用“坏”这个词来表达，更罕见和抽象地用“邪恶”这个词来表达，因此它表示一切与意志的任何努力不相符的事物。
Like all other things that can come into relation to the will, men who are favourable to the ends which happen to be desired, who further and befriend them, are called good, in the same sense, and always with that relative limitation, which shows itself, for example, in the expression, “I find this good, but you don’t.” Those, however, who are naturally disposed not to hinder the endeavours of others, but rather to assist them, and who are thus consistently helpful, benevolent, friendly, and charitable, are called _good_ men, on account of this relation of their conduct to the will of others in general.
就像所有其他与意志有关的事物一样，那些对所希望的目标有利的人，那些促进并帮助他们的人，在同样的意义上被称为好人，并且总是带有相对的限制，这表明例如，在表达中，“我发现这很好，但你不喜欢。”然而，那些天生不妨碍别人的努力，而是帮助别人，并因此始终如一地乐于助人、仁慈、友好和慈善的人，由于他们的行为与他人的这种关系，被称为“好人”。他人的总体意志。
In the case of conscious beings (brutes and men) the contrary conception is denoted in German, and, within the last hundred years or so, in French also, by a different word from that which is used in speaking of unconscious existence; in German, _böse_; in French, _méchant_; while in almost all other languages this distinction does not exist; and κακος, _malus_, _cattivo_, _bad_, are used of men, as of lifeless things, which are opposed to the ends of a definite individual will.
对于有意识的生物（动物和人），德语中使用了与无意识存在不同的词来表示相反的概念，并且在过去的一百年左右的时间里，法语中也用了一个与无意识存在不同的词。德语为_böse_；法语，_méchant_；而在几乎所有其他语言中，这种区别并不存在；和 κακος、_malus_、_cattivo_、_bad_ 用于指人，如指无生命的事物，与明确的个人意志的目的相对立。
Thus, having started entirely from the passive element in the good, the inquiry could only proceed later to the active element, and investigate the conduct of the man who is called good, no longer with reference to others, but to himself; specially setting itself the task of explaining both the purely objective respect which such conduct produces in others, and the peculiar contentment with himself which it clearly produces in the man himself, since he purchases it with sacrifices of another kind; and also, on the other hand, the inner pain which accompanies the bad disposition, whatever outward advantages it brings to him who entertains it.
因此，既然完全从善的被动因素开始，探究就只能在后来进入主动因素，调查被称为善的人的行为，不再是针对他人，而是针对他自己；特别为自己设定的任务是解释这种行为在他人身上产生的纯粹客观的尊重，以及这种行为在他自己身上明显产生的对自己的特殊满足，因为他用另一种牺牲来购买这种满足。另一方面，还有伴随不良性情而来的内在痛苦，无论它给接受它的人带来什么外在的好处。
It was from this source that the ethical systems, both the philosophical and those which are supported by systems of religion, took their rise.
正是从这个源头，伦理体系，无论是哲学体系还是宗教体系所支持的体系，都兴起了。
Both seek constantly in some way or other to connect happiness with virtue, the former either by means of the principle of contradiction or that of sufficient reason, and thus to make happiness either identical with or the consequence of virtue, always sophistically; the latter, by asserting the existence of other worlds than that which alone can be known to experience.(79) In our system, on the contrary, virtue will show itself, not as a striving after happiness, that is, well-being and life, but as an effort in quite an opposite direction.
两者都不断地寻求以某种方式将幸福与美德联系起来，前者要么通过矛盾原则，要么通过充分理由原则，从而使幸福要么与美德等同，要么是美德的结果，总是诡辩地；后者，通过断言存在其他世界，而不仅仅是已知的经验世界。（79）相反，在我们的体系中，美德将表现出来，而不是作为对幸福的追求，即幸福和幸福。生活，但作为一种相反方向的努力。
 It follows from what has been said above, that the _good_ is, according to its concept, των πρως τι; thus every good is essentially relative, for its being consists in its relation to a desiring will.
由上述可知，根据其概念，“好”是 των πρως τι；因此，每一种善本质上都是相对的，因为它的存在在于它与愿望意志的关系。
_Absolute good_ is, therefore, a contradiction in terms; highest good, _summum bonum_, really signifies the same thing—a final satisfaction of the will, after which no new desire could arise,—a last motive, the attainment of which would afford enduring satisfaction of the will.
因此，“绝对善”是一个自相矛盾的词。最高的善，_summum bonum_，实际上意味着同样的事情——意志的最终满足，之后就不会再出现新的欲望——最后的动机，它的实现将为意志提供持久的满足。
But, according to the investigations which have already been conducted in this Fourth Book, such a consummation is not even thinkable.
但是，根据第四本书已经进行的调查，这样的完成甚至是不可想象的。
The will can just as little cease from willing altogether on account of some particular satisfaction, as time can end or begin; for it there is no such thing as a permanent fulfilment which shall completely and for ever satisfy its craving.
正如时间可以结束或开始一样，意志也不会因为某种特定的满足而完全停止意愿。对它来说，不存在一种永久的满足，能够完全、永远地满足它的渴望。
It is the vessel of the Danaides; for it there is no highest good, no absolute good, but always a merely temporary good.
它是达奈德家族的容器；因为它没有最高的善，没有绝对的善，而总是暂时的善。
If, however, we wish to give an honorary position, as it were emeritus, to an old expression, which from custom we do not like to discard altogether, we may, metaphorically and figuratively, call the complete self-effacement and denial of the will, the true absence of will, which alone for ever stills and silences its struggle, alone gives that contentment which can never again be disturbed, alone redeems the world, and which we shall now soon consider at the close of our whole investigation—the absolute good, the _summum bonum_—and regard it as the only radical cure of the disease of which all other means are only palliations or anodynes.
然而，如果我们希望给予一种古老的表达方式以荣誉地位，因为它是荣休的，而出于习惯，我们不希望完全抛弃它，那么我们可以隐喻和比喻地称，这种完全的自我抹杀和否认意志，真正的意志缺失，只有它才能永远平息和压制它的斗争，只有它才能带来永远不会再受到干扰的满足感，只有它才能拯救世界，而我们现在将在整个研究结束时很快考虑这一点——绝对的善，至善——并将其视为治疗这种疾病的唯一根本方法，而所有其他方法都只是缓解或止痛。
In this sense the Greek τελος and also _finis bonorum_ correspond to the thing still better.
从这个意义上说，希腊语 τελος 和 _finis bonorum_ 更符合这个意思。
So much for the words _good_ and _bad_; now for the thing itself.
_好_和_坏_这两个词就这么多了；现在谈谈事情本身。
 If a man is always disposed to do _wrong_ whenever the opportunity presents itself, and there is no external power to restrain him, we call him _bad_.
如果一个人一有机会就总是倾向于做错事，而没有外在力量来约束他，我们就称他为“坏”。
According to our doctrine of wrong, this means that such a man does not merely assert the will to live as it appears in his own body, but in this assertion goes so far that he denies the will which appears in other individuals.
根据我们的错误学说，这意味着这样的人不仅主张他自己身体上出现的生存意志，而且在这种主张中甚至否认了其他人身上出现的意志。
This is shown by the fact that he desires their powers for the service of his own will, and seeks to destroy their existence when they stand in the way of its efforts.
事实证明了这一点，他希望他们的力量为他自己的意志服务，并在他们阻碍其努力时寻求摧毁他们的存在。
The ultimate source of this is a high degree of egoism, the nature of which has been already explained.
其最终根源是高度的利己主义，其本质已经被解释过。
Two things are here apparent.
这里有两件事是显而易见的。
In the first place, that in such a man an excessively vehement will to live expresses itself, extending far beyond the assertion of his own body; and, in the second place, that his knowledge, entirely given up to the principle of sufficient reason and involved in the _principium individuationis_, cannot get beyond the difference which this latter principle establishes between his own person and every one else.
首先，在这样的人身上，表现出一种过分强烈的求生意志，远远超出了他自己身体的主张；其次，他的知识完全服从充分理由原则并涉及“个体化原则”，无法超越后一个原则在他自己和其他人之间建立的差异。
Therefore he seeks his own well-being alone, completely indifferent to that of all others, whose existence is to him altogether foreign and divided from his own by a wide gulf, and who are indeed regarded by him as mere masks with no reality behind them.
因此，他只追求自己的幸福，完全不关心其他人的幸福，其他人的存在对他来说是完全陌生的，与他自己的存在有很大的鸿沟，而且他确实认为他们只是面具，背后没有现实。 。
And these two qualities are the constituent elements of the bad character.
而这两种品质就是不良品格的构成要素。
 This great intensity of will is in itself and directly a constant source of suffering.
这种强烈的意志本身就是痛苦的持续根源。
In the first place, because all volition as such arises from want; that is, suffering.
首先，因为所有的意志本身都源于匮乏；那就是痛苦。
(Therefore, as will be remembered, from the Third Book, the momentary cessation of all volition, which takes place whenever we give ourselves up to æsthetic contemplation, as pure will-less subject of knowledge, the correlative of the Idea, is one of the principal elements in our pleasure in the beautiful.) Secondly, because, through the causal connection of things, most of our desires must remain unfulfilled, and the will is oftener crossed than satisfied, and therefore much intense volition carries with it much intense suffering.
（因此，正如我们将记住的那样，从第三本书开始，每当我们将自己奉献给审美沉思时，所有意志的短暂停止就会发生，作为纯粹无意志的知识主体，与理念相关，是一种）其次，因为通过事物的因果联系，我们的大部分欲望必定无法实现，而意志往往会被违背而不是得到满足，因此强烈的意志会带来强烈的痛苦。
For all suffering is simply unfulfilled and crossed volition; and even the pain of the body when it is injured or destroyed is as such only possible through the fact that the body is nothing but the will itself become object.
因为所有的苦难都只是未实现的和违背意志的；甚至身体受伤或毁坏时的痛苦也只有通过以下事实才可能发生：身体只不过是意志本身成为客体。
Now on this account, because much intense suffering is inseparable from much intense volition, very bad men bear the stamp of inward suffering in the very expression of the countenance; even when they have attained every external happiness, they always look unhappy so long as they are not transported by some momentary ecstasy and are not dissembling.
因此，由于许多强烈的痛苦与强烈的意志密不可分，所以非常坏的人在脸上的表情上就带有内心痛苦的印记。即使他们获得了一切外在的幸福，只要他们不被一时的狂喜所陶醉并且不掩饰的话，他们总是看起来不高兴。
From this inward torment, which is absolutely and directly essential to them, there finally proceeds that delight in the suffering of others which does not spring from mere egoism, but is disinterested, and which constitutes _wickedness_ proper, rising to the pitch of _cruelty_.
从这种对他们来说绝对直接必要的内心折磨中，最终产生了对他人痛苦的喜悦，这种喜悦并非纯粹出于利己主义，而是无私的，这构成了真正的“邪恶”，上升到了“残酷”的程度。
For this the suffering of others is not a means for the attainment of the ends of its own will, but an end in itself.
因此，他人的痛苦并不是达到自己意志的目的的手段，而是目的本身。
The more definite explanation of this phenomenon is as follows:—Since man is a manifestation of will illuminated by the clearest knowledge, he is always contrasting the actual and felt satisfaction of his will with the merely possible satisfaction of it which knowledge presents to him.
对这一现象的更明确的解释如下：——由于人是由最清晰的知识所阐明的意志的表现，他总是将他的意志的实际的和感觉到的满足与知识向他呈现的仅仅可能的满足进行对比。
Hence arises envy: every privation is infinitely increased by the enjoyment of others, and relieved by the knowledge that others also suffer the same privation.
因此，嫉妒就产生了：每一种匮乏都会因他人的享受而无限增加，并因知道其他人也遭受同样的匮乏而得到缓解。
Those ills which are common to all and inseparable from human life trouble us little, just as those which belong to the climate, to the whole country.
那些与人类生活密不可分的常见疾病，就像那些属于气候、整个国家的疾病一样，对我们影响不大。
The recollection of greater sufferings than our own stills our pain; the sight of the sufferings of others soothes our own.
回忆起比我们自己更大的痛苦可以减轻我们的痛苦；看到别人的痛苦可以抚慰我们自己的痛苦。
If, now, a man is filled with an exceptionally intense pressure of will,—if with burning eagerness he seeks to accumulate everything to slake the thirst of his egoism, and thus experiences, as he inevitably must, that all satisfaction is merely apparent, that the attained end never fulfils the promise of the desired object, the final appeasing of the fierce pressure of will, but that when fulfilled the wish only changes its form, and now torments him in a new one; and indeed that if at last all wishes are exhausted, the pressure of will itself remains without any conscious motive, and makes itself known to him with fearful pain as a feeling of terrible desolation and emptiness; if from all this, which in the case of the ordinary degrees of volition is only felt in a small measure, and only produces the ordinary degree of melancholy, in the case of him who is a manifestation of will reaching the point of extraordinary wickedness, there necessarily springs an excessive inward misery, an eternal unrest, an incurable pain; he seeks indirectly the alleviation which directly is denied him,—seeks to mitigate his own suffering by the sight of the suffering of others, which at the same time he recognises as an expression of his power.
如果一个人现在充满了异常强烈的意志压力，如果他怀着强烈的渴望寻求积累一切来满足他的利己主义的渴求，并因此体验到，正如他不可避免地必须经历的那样，所有的满足都只是表面的，所达到的目的永远不会实现所期望的目标的承诺，最终平息强烈的意志压力，但当实现时，愿望只是改变了它的形式，现在以一种新的方式折磨他；事实上，如果最终所有的愿望都耗尽了，意志本身的压力仍然没有任何有意识的动机，并以可怕的痛苦让他知道自己是一种可怕的荒凉和空虚的感觉；如果从这一切来看，对于普通程度的意志来说，只能感受到很小的程度，并且只能产生普通程度的忧郁，而对于意志表现达到异常邪恶程度的人来说，必然会产生一种过度的内心痛苦、一种永恒的不安、一种无法治愈的痛苦；他间接地寻求直接被拒绝的缓解——寻求通过看到他人的痛苦来减轻自己的痛苦，同时他认为这是他权力的表达。
The suffering of others now becomes for him an end in itself, and is a spectacle in which he delights; and thus arises the phenomenon of pure cruelty, blood-thirstiness, which history exhibits so often in the Neros and Domitians, in the African Deis, in Robespierre, and the like.
现在，他人的痛苦对他而言本身就是目的，并且是他所乐见的景象。因此，出现了纯粹残忍、嗜血的现象，这种现象在历史上经常在尼禄和图密善、非洲的《上帝》、罗伯斯庇尔等作品中表现出来。
 The desire of revenge is closely related to wickedness.
复仇的欲望与邪恶密切相关。
It recompenses evil with evil, not with reference to the future, which is the character of punishment, but merely on account of what has happened, what is past, as such, thus disinterestedly, not as a means, but as an end, in order to revel in the torment which the avenger himself has inflicted on the offender.
它以恶报恶，不是针对未来，这是惩罚的特征，而只是考虑到已经发生的事情，过去的事情本身，因此无私地，不是作为手段，而是作为目的，为了陶醉于复仇者本人对犯罪者施加的折磨。
What distinguishes revenge from pure wickedness, and to some extent excuses it, is an appearance of justice.
复仇与纯粹邪恶的区别，并在某种程度上为复仇提供借口，是正义的表象。
For if the same act, which is now revenge, were to be done legally, that is, according to a previously determined and known rule, and in a society which had sanctioned this rule, it would be punishment, and thus justice.
因为如果现在是报复的同一行为是合法的，也就是说，根据先前确定的和已知的规则，并且在认可该规则的社会中，那么这将是惩罚，从而是正义。
 Besides the suffering which has been described, and which is inseparable from wickedness, because it springs from the same root, excessive vehemence of will, another specific pain quite different from this is connected with wickedness, which is felt in the case of every bad action, whether it be merely injustice proceeding from egoism or pure wickedness, and according to the length of its duration is called _the sting of conscience_ or _remorse_.
除了上述的痛苦之外，这种痛苦与邪恶密不可分，因为它源于同一根源，即意志的过度强烈，另一种与此完全不同的特定痛苦与邪恶有关，在每一个恶行的情况下都会感受到这种痛苦。 ，无论是纯粹出于利己主义的不公正还是纯粹的邪恶，根据其持续时间的长短，被称为“良心的刺痛”或“悔恨”。
Now, whoever remembers and has present in his mind the content of the preceding portion of this Fourth Book, and especially the truth explained at the beginning of it, that life itself is always assured to the will to live, as its mere copy or mirror, and also the exposition of eternal justice, will find that the sting of conscience can have no other meaning than the following, _i.e._, its content, abstractly expressed, is what follows, in which two parts are distinguished, which again, however, entirely coincide, and must be thought as completely united.
现在，无论谁记住并在脑海中记住第四本书前面部分的内容，特别是在它开头解释的真理，生命本身总是对生活的意志有保证，作为它的复制品或镜子，以及对永恒正义的阐述，我们会发现，良心的刺除了以下内容之外没有其他含义，即，其抽象表达的内容如下，其中区分了两个部分，这又是然而，完全一致，并且必须被认为是完全统一的。
 However closely the veil of Mâyâ may envelop the mind of the bad man, _i.e._, however firmly he may be involved in the _principium individuationis_, according to which he regards his person as absolutely different and separated by a wide gulf from all others, a knowledge to which he clings with all his might, as it alone suits and supports his egoism, so that knowledge is almost always corrupted by will, yet there arises in the inmost depths of his consciousness the secret presentiment that such an order of things is only phenomenal, and that their real constitution is quite different.
无论玛雅的面纱如何紧密地包裹着坏人的心灵，也就是说，无论他如何坚定地参与“个体化原则”，根据这一原则，他认为自己的人是绝对不同的，并与所有人相隔很远。其他人则竭尽全力地坚持某种知识，因为只有这种知识才适合并支持他的利己主义，因此知识几乎总是被意志所腐蚀，然而，在他意识的最深处，却升起了一种秘密的预感，即这样一种秩序事物只是现象性的，它们的真正构成是完全不同的。
He has a dim foreboding that, however much time and space may separate him from other individuals and the innumerable miseries which they suffer, and even suffer through him, and may represent them as quite foreign to him, yet in themselves, and apart from the idea and its forms, it is the one will to live appearing in them all, which here failing to recognise itself, turns its weapons against itself, and, by seeking increased happiness in one of its phenomena, imposes the greatest suffering upon another.
他有一种隐隐的预感，无论他与其他人有多么远的时间和空间，以及他们所遭受的无数痛苦，甚至通过他而遭受的痛苦，都可能使他们对他来说是完全陌生的，但就其本身而言，并且与他所遭受的痛苦无关。观念及其形式，是一种存在于其中的生存意志，它在这里未能认识到自己，转而将武器转向自身，并通过在一种现象中寻求更多的幸福，将最大的痛苦强加于另一种现象。
He dimly sees that he, the bad man, is himself this whole will; that consequently he is not only the inflicter of pain but also the endurer of it, from whose suffering he is only separated and exempted by an illusive dream, the form of which is space and time, which, however, vanishes away; that he must in reality pay for the pleasure with the pain, and that all suffering which he only knows as possible really concerns him as the will to live, inasmuch as the possible and actual, the near and the distant in time and space, are only different for the knowledge of the individual, only by means of the _principium individuationis_, not in themselves.
他隐隐约约地看到，他，这个坏人，就是他自己，这整个意志；因此，他不仅是痛苦的施加者，也是痛苦的承受者，他只是通过一个虚幻的梦与痛苦分离和免除，梦的形式是空间和时间，然而，它消失了；事实上，他必须用痛苦来换取快乐，所有他只知道可能的痛苦实际上都与他的生存意志有关，因为时间和空间上的可能的和实际的、近的和远的，都与他有关。只是个体的知识有所不同，只是通过“个体化原则”而有所不同，而不是其本身有所不同。
This is the truth which mythically, _i.e._, adapted to the principle of sufficient reason, and so translated into the form of the phenomenal, is expressed in the transmigration of souls.
这就是神话般的真理，即适应充足理由原则，并因此转化为现象的形式，并在灵魂的轮回中表达出来。
Yet it has its purest expression, free from all foreign admixture, in that obscurely felt yet inconsolable misery called remorse.
然而，它有其最纯粹的表达，没有任何外来的掺杂，在那种被称为悔恨的隐晦却无法安慰的痛苦中。
But this springs also from a second immediate knowledge, which is closely bound to the first—the knowledge of the strength with which the will to live asserts itself in the wicked individual, which extends far beyond his own individual phenomenon, to the absolute denial of the same will appearing in other individuals.
但这也源于第二种直接的知识，它与第一种知识密切相关——关于邪恶个体的生存意志的力量的知识，这种知识远远超出了他自己的个人现象，完全否认了同样的情况也会出现在其他人身上。
Consequently the inward horror of the wicked man at his own deed, which he himself tries to conceal, contains, besides that presentment of the nothingness, the mere illusiveness of the _principium individuationis_, and of the distinction established by it between him and others; also the knowledge of the vehemence of his own will, the intensity with which he has seized upon life and attached himself closely to it, even that life whose terrible side he sees before him in the misery of those who are oppressed by him, and with which he is yet so firmly united, that just on this account the greatest atrocity proceeds from him himself, as a means for the fuller assertion of his own will.
因此，恶人对自己的行为感到内心的恐惧，他自己试图掩盖这种恐惧，除了那种虚无的表现之外，还包含个人原则的虚幻性，以及由此在他和他人之间建立的区别。也认识到他自己的意志是多么强烈，他是多么强烈地抓住生活并紧紧地依附于生活，甚至在那些受他压迫的人的痛苦中，他看到了生活可怕的一面。他仍然如此牢固地团结在一起，正因为如此，他本人才犯下了最大的暴行，以此作为更充分地表达自己意志的手段。
He recognises himself as the concentrated manifestation of the will to live, feels to what degree he is given up to life, and with it also to innumerable sufferings which are essential to it, for it has infinite time and infinite space to abolish the distinction between the possible and the actual, and to change all the sufferings which as yet are merely _known_ to him into sufferings he has _experienced_.
他认识到自己是生存意志的集中体现，感觉到自己在多大程度上屈服于生命，以及生命所必需的无数痛苦，因为生命有无限的时间和无限的空间来消除生命与生命之间的区别。可能的和实际的，并将所有迄今为止他仅仅知道的痛苦变成他已经经历过的痛苦。
The millions of years of constant rebirth certainly exist, like the whole past and future, only in conception; occupied time, the form of the phenomenon of the will, is only the present, and for the individual time is ever new: it seems to him always as if he had newly come into being.
数百万年的不断重生确实存在，就像整个过去和未来一样，只是在概念中存在；占据的时间，即意志现象的形式，只是现在，对于个人来说，时间永远是新的：在他看来，他总是新近诞生的。
For life is inseparable from the will to live, and the only form of life is the present.
因为生命与生存意志密不可分，而生命的唯一形式就是当下。
Death (the repetition of the comparison must be excused) is like the setting of the sun, which is only apparently swallowed up by the night, but in reality, itself the source of all light, burns without intermission, brings new days to new worlds, is always rising and always setting.
死亡（必须原谅重复的比较）就像太阳的落山，表面上只是被黑夜吞没，但实际上，它本身就是所有光明的源泉，不停地燃烧，给新的世界带来新的日子，总是上升并且总是下降。
Beginning and end only concern the individual through time, the form of the phenomenon for the idea.
开始和结束只涉及个人经历时间、观念现象的形式。
Outside time lies only the will, Kant’s thing-in-itself, and its adequate objectification, the Idea of Plato.
时间之外只有意志，即康德的自在之物，及其充分的客观化，即柏拉图的理念。
Therefore suicide affords no escape; what every one in his inmost consciousness _wills_, that must he _be_; and what every one _is_, that he _wills_.
因此，自杀是无法逃脱的；每个人内心深处想要什么，他就必须做什么；每个人都_是_，他_愿意_。
Thus, besides the merely felt knowledge of the illusiveness and nothingness of the forms of the idea which separate individuals, it is the self-knowledge of one’s own will and its degree that gives the sting to conscience.
因此，除了对区分个体的观念形式的虚幻性和虚无性的仅仅感觉到的认识之外，正是对自己的意志及其程度的自我认识给良心带来了刺痛。
The course of life draws the image of the empirical character, whose original is the intelligible character, and horrifies the wicked man by this image.
生命的历程描绘出经验性格的形象，而经验性格的本源就是可理知的性格，并通过这种形象使恶人感到恐惧。
He is horrified all the same whether the image is depicted in large characters, so that the world shares his horror, or in such small ones that he alone sees it, for it only concerns him directly.
无论图像是用大字描绘的，以便全世界都分享他的恐惧，还是用小字描绘，只有他一个人看到它，因为它只与他直接相关，他都感到震惊。
The past would be a matter of indifference, and could not pain the conscience if the character did not feel itself free from all time and unalterable by it, so long as it does not deny itself.
过去将是一个无关紧要的问题，如果角色没有感到自己摆脱了所有时间并且不被时间改变，只要它不否认自己，过去就不会让良心感到痛苦。
Therefore things which are long past still weigh on the conscience.
因此，那些早已过去的事情仍然困扰着良心。
The prayer, “Lead me not into temptation,” means, “Let me not see what manner of person I am.” In the might with which the bad man asserts life, and which exhibits itself to him in the sufferings which he inflicts on others, he measures how far he is from the surrender and denial of that will, the only possible deliverance from the world and its miseries.
“不叫我遇见试探”这个祷告的意思是“不要让我看出自己是一个怎样的人”。坏人主张生命的力量，并通过他给他人造成的痛苦而向他展示自己的力量，他衡量自己距离投降和否认意志还有多远，而这是摆脱世界及其世界的唯一可能的解脱。痛苦。
He sees how far he belongs to it, and how firmly he is bound to it; the _known_ suffering of others has no power to move him; he is given up to life and _felt_ suffering.
他看到自己与它的归属有多远，以及他与它的联系有多牢固；他人已知的痛苦没有力量让他感动；他放弃了生活并感受到了痛苦。
It remains hidden whether this will ever break and overcome the vehemence of his will.
这是否会打破并克服他的强烈意志仍然是个谜。
 This exposition of the significance and inner nature of the _bad_, which as mere feeling, _i.e._, not as distinct, abstract knowledge, is the content of _remorse_, will gain distinctness and completeness by the similar consideration of the _good_ as a quality of human will, and finally of absolute resignation and holiness, which proceeds from it when it has attained its highest grade.
这种对“坏”的意义和内在本质的阐述，作为纯粹的感觉，“即”，而不是作为明确的抽象知识，是“悔恨”的内容，通过将“好”视为一种类似的考虑，将获得明确性和完整性。人类意志的品质，最后是绝对的顺从和圣洁，当它达到最高等级时，就会产生这种品质。
For opposites always throw light upon each other, and the day at once reveals both itself and the night, as Spinoza admirably remarks.
正如斯宾诺莎令人钦佩的评论，因为相反的事物总是相互照亮，白天和黑夜同时显现出来。
 § 66.
 §66.
A theory of morals without proof, that is, mere moralising, can effect nothing, because it does not act as a motive.
没有证据的道德理论，即仅仅说教，不会产生任何效果，因为它不能作为动机。
A theory of morals which does act as a motive can do so only by working on self-love.
真正充当动机的道德理论只能通过致力于自爱来做到这一点。
But what springs from this source has no moral worth.
但从这个源头产生的东西没有道德价值。
It follows from this that no genuine virtue can be produced through moral theory or abstract knowledge in general, but that such virtue must spring from that intuitive knowledge which recognises in the individuality of others the same nature as in our own.
由此可见，真正的美德不能通过道德理论或一般的抽象知识产生，但这种美德必须源于直觉知识，这种直觉认识到他人的个性与我们自己的个性具有相同的性质。
 For virtue certainly proceeds from knowledge, but not from the abstract knowledge that can be communicated through words.
因为美德当然源自知识，但不是源自可以通过言语传达的抽象知识。
If it were so, virtue could be taught, and by here expressing in abstract language its nature and the knowledge which lies at its foundation, we should make every one who comprehends this even ethically better.
如果是这样，美德就可以被教授，并且通过在这里用抽象语言表达其本质和作为其基础的知识，我们应该使每个理解这一点的人在道德上变得更好。
But this is by no means the case.
但事实并非如此。
On the contrary, ethical discourses and preaching will just as little produce a virtuous man as all the systems of æsthetics from Aristotle downwards have succeeded in producing a poet.
相反，伦理话语和说教不可能产生一个有道德的人，就像自亚里士多德以下的所有美学体系都无法成功地产生一个诗人一样。
For the real inner nature of virtue the concept is unfruitful, just as it is in art, and it is only in a completely subordinate position that it can be of use as a tool in the elaboration and preserving of what has been ascertained and inferred by other means.
对于美德的真正内在本质来说，这个概念是没有成果的，就像它在艺术中一样，只有处于完全从属的地位，它才能用作阐述和保存已经确定和推断的东西的工具。其他方式。
_Velle non discitur._ Abstract dogmas are, in fact, without influence upon virtue, _i.e._, upon the goodness of the disposition.
事实上，抽象教条对美德没有影响，即对性格的善良没有影响。
False dogmas do not disturb it; true ones will scarcely assist it.
错误的教条不会扰乱它；真正的人几乎不会帮助它。
It would, in fact, be a bad look-out if the cardinal fact in the life of man, his ethical worth, that worth which counts for eternity, were dependent upon anything the attainment of which is so much a matter of chance as is the case with dogmas, religious doctrines, and philosophical theories.
事实上，如果人的生活中的基本事实，即他的道德价值，即永恒的价值，依赖于任何东西，而这些东西的实现既是偶然的，也是教条、宗教教义和哲学理论就是如此。
For morality dogmas have this value only: The man who has become virtuous from knowledge of another kind, which is presently to be considered, possesses in them a scheme or formula according to which he accounts to his own reason, for the most part fictitiously, for his non-egoistical action, the nature of which it, _i.e._, he himself, does not comprehend, and with which account he has accustomed it to be content.
因为道德教条只有这样的价值：一个人从另一种知识中变得有德性，而这种知识目前正在被考虑，他在道德教条中拥有一个方案或公式，根据这个方案或公式，他解释了自己的理性，大部分是虚构的，因为他的非利己主义行为，其本质，即他本人，并不理解，而且他已经习惯了这种行为的满足。
 Upon conduct, outward action, dogmas may certainly exercise a powerful influence, as also custom and example (the last because the ordinary man does not trust his judgment, of the weakness of which he is conscious, but only follows his own or some one else’s experience), but the disposition is not altered in this way.(80) All abstract knowledge gives only motives; but, as was shown above, motives can only alter the direction of the will, not the will itself.
对于行为、外在行动，教条肯定会产生强大的影响，习俗和榜样也是如此（最后一个是因为普通人不相信自己的判断，他意识到自己的弱点，而只遵循自己或别人的判断） (80) 所有抽象知识只给出动机；但是，正如上面所表明的，动机只能改变意志的方向，而不能改变意志本身。
All communicable knowledge, however, can only affect the will as a motive.
然而，所有可传播的知识只能影响作为动机的意志。
Thus when dogmas lead it, what the man really and in general wills remains still the same.
因此，当教条引导时，人真正的普遍意愿仍然保持不变。
He has only received different thoughts as to the ways in which it is to be attained, and imaginary motives guide him just like real ones.
他只是收到了关于如何实现这一目标的不同想法，想象的动机就像真实的动机一样引导着他。
Therefore, for example, it is all one, as regards his ethical worth, whether he gives large gifts to the poor, firmly persuaded that he will receive everything tenfold in a future life, or expends the same sum on the improvement of an estate which will yield interest, certainly late, but all the more surely and largely.
因此，举例来说，就他的道德价值而言，无论他向穷人布施大笔布施，坚信自己在来世将得到十倍的一切，还是花费同样的钱来改善财产，这都是一回事。会产生利息，当然会晚一些，但更确定、更大幅度。
And he who for the sake of orthodoxy commits the heretic to the flames is as much a murderer as the bandit who does it for gain; and indeed, as regards inward circumstances, so also was he who slaughtered the Turks in the Holy Land, if, like the burner of heretics, he really did so because he thought that he would thereby gain a place in heaven.
为了正统信仰而将异端烧死的人，与为了利益而这样做的强盗一样，都是杀人犯。事实上，就内部情况而言，在圣地屠杀土耳其人的人也是如此，如果他像异教徒的燃烧者那样，真的这样做是因为他认为自己会因此在天堂获得一席之地。
For these are careful only for themselves, for their own egoism, just like the bandit, from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means.
因为这些人只关心自己，关心自己的利己主义，就像强盗一样，他们与强盗的区别仅在于手段的荒谬性。
From without, as has been said, the will can only be reached through motives, and these only alter the way in which it expresses itself, never the will itself.
如前所述，从外部来看，意志只能通过动机来实现，而动机只能改变意志表达自身的方式，而不能改变意志本身。
_Velle non discitur._  In the case of good deeds, however, the doer of which appeals to dogmas, we must always distinguish whether these dogmas really are the motives which lead to the good deeds, or whether, as was said above, they are merely the illusive account of them with which he seeks to satisfy his own reason with regard to a good deed which really flows from quite a different source, a deed which he does because he is good, though he does not understand how to explain it rightly, and yet wishes to think something with regard to it.
然而，在善行的情况下，行善者诉诸教条，我们必须始终区分这些教条是否真的是导致善行的动机，或者如上所述，它们是否是善行的动机。只是对它们的虚幻描述，他试图用它来满足自己关于善行的理性，而善行实际上来自完全不同的来源，他之所以这样做是因为他是善的，尽管他不知道如何正确地解释它，但仍希望对此进行一些思考。
But this distinction is very hard to make, because it lies in the heart of a man.
但这种区别很难区分，因为它存在于人的内心。
Therefore we can scarcely ever pass a correct moral judgment on the action of others, and very seldom on our own.
因此，我们几乎无法对他人的行为做出正确的道德判断，更不用说对我们自己的行为做出正确的道德判断。
The deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas, example, and custom.
个人和国家的行为和举止可能会因教条、榜样和习俗而发生很大的改变。
But in themselves all deeds (_opera operata_) are merely empty forms, and only the disposition which leads to them gives them moral significance.
但就其本身而言，一切行为（_opera operata_）都只是空洞的形式，只有导致它们的性格才赋予它们道德意义。
This disposition, however, may be quite the same when its outward manifestation is very different.
然而，当其外在表现截然不同时，这种性情可能是完全相同的。
With an equal degree of wickedness, one man may die on the wheel, and another in the bosom of his family.
如果邪恶程度相同，一个人可能会死在方向盘上，而另一个人可能会死在家人的怀里。
It may be the same grade of wickedness which expresses itself in one nation in the coarse characteristics of murder and cannibalism, and in another finely and softly in miniature, in court intrigues, oppressions, and delicate plots of every kind; the inner nature remains the same.
这可能是同一等级的邪恶，在一个国家以谋杀和食人的粗俗特征表现出来，而在另一个国家则以宫廷阴谋、压迫和各种微妙的阴谋等微妙而温和的方式表现出来。内在本质保持不变。
It is conceivable that a perfect state, or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death, might prevent every crime; politically much would be gained thereby; morally, nothing; only the expression of the will in life would be restricted.
可以想象，一个完美的国家，或者也许确实是一个完整的、坚信的死后奖惩学说，可能会阻止一切犯罪；从而在政治上会获得很多收获；道德上，什么也没有；只是生活意志的表达会受到限制。
 Thus genuine goodness of disposition, disinterested virtue, and pure nobility do not proceed from abstract knowledge.
因此，真正的善良性情、无私的美德和纯粹的高贵并不是来自抽象的知识。
Yet they do proceed from knowledge; but it is a direct intuitive knowledge, which can neither be reasoned away, nor arrived at by reasoning, a knowledge which, just because it is not abstract, cannot be communicated, but must arise in each for himself, which therefore finds its real and adequate expression not in words, but only in deeds, in conduct, in the course of the life of man.
然而它们确实是从知识出发的；但它是一种直接的直觉知识，既不能被推理消除，也不能通过推理获得，这种知识正因为它不是抽象的，所以无法交流，但必须在每个人自己中出现，因此找到它的真实性和有效性。充分的表达不是在言语中，而是在人的生活过程中的行动、行为中。
We who here seek the theory of virtue, and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation, will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression.
我们在这里寻求美德理论，因此也必须抽象地表达其基础知识的本质，但我们却无法在这种表达中传达知识本身。
We can only give the concept of this knowledge, and thus always start from action in which alone it becomes visible, and refer to action as its only adequate expression.
我们只能给出这种知识的概念，因此总是从行动开始，只有在行动中它才变得可见，并将行动视为其唯一充分的表达。
We can only explain and interpret action, _i.e._, express abstractly what really takes place in it.
我们只能解释和解释行动，即抽象地表达其中真正发生的事情。
 Before we speak of the _good_ proper, in opposition to the _bad_, which has been explained, we must touch on an intermediate grade, the mere negation of the bad: this is _justice_.
在我们谈论与已经解释过的“坏”相对的“好”本身之前，我们必须触及一个中间等级，即对坏的纯粹否定：这就是“正义”。
The nature of right and wrong has been fully explained above; therefore we may briefly say here, that he who voluntarily recognises and observes those merely moral limits between wrong and right, even where this is not secured by the state or any other external power, thus he who, according to our explanation, never carries the assertion of his own will so far as to deny the will appearing in another individual, is _just_.
是非的本质，上面已经说得很清楚了；因此，我们可以在这里简单地说，自愿承认并遵守错误与正确之间的道德界限的人，即使这一点没有得到国家或任何其他外部权力的保障，因此，根据我们的解释，他永远不会承担道德界限。坚持自己的意志，否认另一个人身上出现的意志，是_公正_的。
Thus, in order to increase his own well-being, he will not inflict suffering upon others, _i.e._, he will commit no crime, he will respect the rights and the property of others.
因此，为了增加自己的福祉，他不会给他人带来痛苦，也就是说，他不会犯罪，他会尊重他人的权利和财产。
We see that for such a just man the _principium individuationis_ is no longer, as in the case of the bad man, an absolute wall of partition.
我们看到，对于这样一个正义的人来说，个人原则不再像坏人的情况那样是一堵绝对的隔离墙。
We see that he does not, like the bad man, merely assert his own manifestation of will and deny all others; that other persons are not for him mere masks, whose nature is quite different from his own; but he shows in his conduct that he also recognises his own nature—the will to live as a thing-in-itself, in the foreign manifestation which is only given to him as idea.
我们看到，他并不像坏人那样，仅仅坚持自己的意志表现而否认其他一切；其他人对他来说不仅仅是面具，他们的本质与他自己的本质完全不同；但他在自己的行为中表明，他也认识到自己的本性——作为一个自在之物而生活的意愿，存在于仅作为观念给予他的外来表现中。
Thus he finds himself again in that other manifestation, up to a certain point, that of doing no wrong, _i.e._, abstaining from injury.
因此，在某种程度上，他发现自己再次处于另一种表现中，即不做错事，即避免伤害。
To this extent, therefore, he sees through the _principium individuationis_, the veil of Mâyâ; so far he sets the being external to him on a level with his own—he does it no injury.
因此，在这个意义上，他看穿了个体化原则，玛雅的面纱。到目前为止，他将外在的存在与他自己的存在放在同一水平上——他这样做并没有造成伤害。
 If we examine the inmost nature of this justice, there already lies in it the resolution not to go so far in the assertion of one’s own will as to deny the manifestations of will of others, by compelling them to serve one’s own.
如果我们考察这种正义的本质，就会发现它已经下定决心：不要在坚持自己的意志时走得太远，而否认他人意志的表现，强迫他们为自己服务。
One will therefore wish to render to others as much as one receives from them.
因此，一个人从别人那里得到多少，就会希望回报给别人多少。
The highest degree of this justice of disposition, which is, however, always united with goodness proper, whose character is no longer merely negative, extends so far that a man doubts his right to inherited property, wishes to support his body only by his own powers, mental and physical, feels every service of others and every luxury a reproach, and finally embraces voluntary poverty.
然而，这种性情的最高程度总是与真正的善良结合在一起，其特征不再仅仅是消极的，延伸到一个人怀疑他继承财产的权利，希望只用自己的身体来支撑他的身体。精神和身体上的力量，感觉他人的每一项服务和每一种奢侈都是一种耻辱，最终拥抱自愿的贫困。
Thus we see how Pascal, when he became an ascetic, would no longer permit any services to be rendered him, although he had servants enough; in spite of his constant bad health he made his bed himself, brought his own food from the kitchen, &c.
因此，我们看到，当帕斯卡成为苦行僧时，尽管他有足够的仆人，但他不再允许为他提供任何服务。尽管他的健康状况一直不好，但他自己整理床铺，自己从厨房带食物等等。
(“Vie de Pascal, par sa Sœur,” p.
（“Vie de Pascal, par sa Sœur”，第 12 页）
19).
19）。
Quite in keeping with this, it is reported that many Hindus, even Rajas with great wealth, expend it merely on the maintenance of their position, their court and attendants, and themselves observe with the greatest scrupulousness the maxim that a man should eat nothing that he has not himself both sowed and reaped.
与此相符的是，据报道，许多印度教徒，甚至是拥有巨额财富的拉贾斯，也只是将其花费在维持自己的地位、宫廷和侍从上，而且他们自己也极其谨慎地遵守这样的格言：一个人不应该吃任何东西。他自己没有播种，也没有收获。
Yet a certain misunderstanding lies at the bottom of this; for one man, just because he is rich and powerful, can render such signal services to the whole of human society that they counterbalance the wealth he has inherited, for the secure possession of which he is indebted to society.
然而，这背后存在某种误解。对于一个人来说，仅仅因为他富有和强大，就可以为整个人类社会提供如此重要的服务，这些服务抵消了他所继承的财富，为了安全地拥有这些财富，他对社会负有义务。
In reality that excessive justice of such Hindus is already more than justice; it is actual renunciation, denial of the will to live,—asceticism, of which we shall speak last.
事实上，这种印度教徒的过度正义已经不仅仅是正义了；这是真正的放弃，对生存意志的否定——禁欲主义，我们将在最后谈到。
On the other hand, pure idleness and living through the exertions of others, in the case of inherited wealth, without accomplishing anything, may be regarded as morally wrong, even if it must remain right according to positive laws.
另一方面，纯粹的闲散和依靠他人的努力生活，在继承财富的情况下，没有取得任何成就，可能会被认为在道德上是错误的，即使根据成文法它必须保持正确。
 We have found that voluntary justice has its inmost source in a certain degree of penetration of the _principium individuationis_, while the unjust remain entirely involved in this principle.
我们发现，自愿正义的最深层根源在于对“个性化原则”的一定程度的渗透，而不正义仍然完全涉及这一原则。
This penetration may exist not only in the degree which is required for justice, but also in the higher degree which leads to benevolence and well-doing, to love of mankind.
这种洞察力不仅可以存在于正义所需的程度，而且还可以存在于导致仁慈、行善、爱人类的更高程度。
And this may take place however strong and energetic in itself the will which appears in such an individual may be.
无论这个人的意志本身多么强大和充满活力，这种情况都可能发生。
Knowledge can always counterbalance it in him, teach him to resist the tendency to wrong, and even produce in him every degree of goodness, and indeed of resignation.
知识总能在他身上抵消它，教会他抵制错误的倾向，甚至在他身上产生各种程度的善良，甚至是顺从。
Thus the good man is by no means to be regarded as originally a weaker manifestation of will than the bad man, but it is knowledge which in him masters the blind striving of will.
因此，好人决不应该被认为是比坏人意志力更弱的人，而是知识在他身上控制了盲目的意志力。
There are certainly individuals who merely seem to have a good disposition on account of the weakness of the will appearing in them, but what they are soon appears from the fact that they are not capable of any remarkable self-conquest in order to perform a just or good deed.
当然，有些人只是因为意志薄弱而显得性情良好，但他们的真实面目很快就会从以下事实中显现出来：他们没有能力进行任何显着的自我征服，以执行公正的任务。或善行。
 If, however, as a rare exception, we meet a man who possesses a considerable income, but uses very little of it for himself and gives all the rest to the poor, while he denies himself many pleasures and comforts, and we seek to explain the action of this man, we shall find, apart altogether from the dogmas through which he tries to make his action intelligible to his reason, that the simplest general expression and the essential character of his conduct is that _he makes less distinction than is usually made between himself and others_.
然而，作为一个罕见的例外，如果我们遇到一个人，他拥有可观的收入，但很少为自己使用，其余的全部都给穷人，同时他拒绝给自己带来许多快乐和舒适，我们试图解释观察这个人的行为，我们会发现，除了他试图通过他的理性来理解他的行为的教条之外，最简单的一般表达和他的行为的本质特征是，他比通常所做的区分要少自己和他人之间_。
This distinction is so great in the eyes of many that the suffering of others is a direct pleasure to the wicked and a welcome means of happiness to the unjust.
在许多人看来，这种区别是如此重要，以至于他人的痛苦对于恶人来说是一种直接的快乐，对于不公正的人来说是一种受欢迎的幸福手段。
The merely just man is content not to cause it; and, in general, most men know and are acquainted with innumerable sufferings of others in their vicinity, but do not determine to mitigate them, because to do so would involve some self-denial on their part.
纯粹正义的人会满足于不造成这种情况；一般来说，大多数人知道并熟悉周围其他人的无数痛苦，但并不决定减轻这些痛苦，因为这样做会涉及他们的一些自我否定。
Thus, in each of all these a strong distinction seems to prevail between his own ego and that of others; on the other hand, to the noble man we have imagined, this distinction is not so significant.
因此，在所有这些方面，他自己的自我与他人的自我之间似乎存在着强烈的区别。另一方面，对于我们想象中的高贵的人来说，这种区别并不那么重要。
The _principium individuationis_, the form of the phenomenon, no longer holds him so tightly in its grasp, but the suffering which he sees in others touches him almost as closely as his own.
个体化原则，即现象的形式，不再紧紧地抓住他，但他在别人身上看到的痛苦几乎与他自己的痛苦一样紧密地触动着他。
He therefore tries to strike a balance between them, denies himself pleasures, practises renunciation, in order to mitigate the sufferings of others.
因此，他试图在它们之间取得平衡，克制自己的快乐，实行出离心，以减轻他人的痛苦。
He sees that the distinction between himself and others, which to the bad man is so great a gulf, only belongs to a fleeting and illusive phenomenon.
他看到自己与他人之间的区别，对于坏人来说是巨大的鸿沟，只是属于一种转瞬即逝、虚幻的现象。
He recognises directly and without reasoning that the in-itself of his own manifestation is also that of others, the will to live, which constitutes the inner nature of everything and lives in all; indeed, that this applies also to the brutes and the whole of nature, and therefore he will not cause suffering even to a brute.(81)  He is now just as little likely to allow others to starve, while he himself has enough and to spare, as any one would be to suffer hunger one day in order to have more the next day than he could enjoy.
他直接地、无需推理地认识到，他自己的表现的自在性也是他人的自在性，即生存的意志，它构成了一切事物的内在本质并存在于一切事物之中；事实上，这也适用于野兽和整个自然，因此他甚至不会给野兽带来痛苦。（81）他现在不太可能允许别人挨饿，而他自己却有足够的食物和食物。多余的，就像任何人都愿意有一天挨饿，以便第二天能吃到比他能享受的更多的东西。
For to him who does works of love the veil of Mâyâ has become transparent, the illusion of the _principium individuationis_ has left him.
因为对于那些从事爱的工作的人来说，摩耶的面纱已经变得透明，个体化原理的幻象已经离他而去。
He recognises himself, his will, in every being, and consequently also in the sufferer.
他在每个存在者身上，以及在受难者身上，都认识到自己、他的意志。
He is now free from the perversity with which the will to live, not recognising itself, here in one individual enjoys a fleeting and precarious pleasure, and there in another pays for it with suffering and starvation, and thus both inflicts and endures misery, not knowing that, like Thyestes, it eagerly devours its own flesh; and then, on the one hand, laments its undeserved suffering, and on the other hand transgresses without fear of Nemesis, always merely because, involved in the _principium individuationis_, thus generally in the kind of knowledge which is governed by the principle of sufficient reason, it does not recognise itself in the foreign phenomenon, and therefore does not perceive eternal justice.
他现在摆脱了生活意志的反常，不认识自己，在这里，一个人享受着短暂而不稳定的快乐，而另一个人则为此付出痛苦和饥饿，因此既造成痛苦又忍受痛苦，而不是痛苦。知道它像提厄斯忒斯一样，急切地吞噬着自己的肉体；然后，一方面，哀叹其不应受的痛苦，另一方面，不畏惧涅墨西斯而犯罪，总是仅仅因为，涉及个体化原则，因此通常涉及由充足理由原则支配的知识。 ，它在外来现象中不认识自己，因而感知不到永恒的正义。
To be cured of this illusion and deception of Mâyâ, and to do works of love, are one and the same.
治愈玛雅的这种幻觉和欺骗，和做爱的工作，是一回事。
But the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge.
但后者是这种知识的必要且不可避免的症状。
 The opposite of the sting of conscience, the origin and significance of which is explained above, is the _good conscience_, the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed.
良心的刺痛（其起源和意义已在上文中解释过）的反面是“无愧的良心”，即我们在每一次无私的行为之后所体验到的满足。
It arises from the fact that such a deed, as it proceeds from the direct recognition of our own inner being in the phenomenon of another, affords us also the verification of this knowledge, the knowledge that our true self exists not only in our own person, this particular manifestation, but in everything that lives.
它源于这样一个事实，即这样的行为，因为它是从他人的现象中直接认识到我们自己的内在存在而产生的，也为我们提供了这种知识的验证，即我们真正的自我不仅存在于我们自己身上，这种特殊的表现，但存在于一切有生命的事物中。
By this the heart feels itself enlarged, as by egoism it is contracted.
由此，心灵感觉自己扩大了，而利己主义则使心灵收缩。
For as the latter concentrates our interest upon the particular manifestation of our own individuality, upon which knowledge always presents to us the innumerable dangers which constantly threaten this manifestation, and anxiety and care becomes the key-note of our disposition; the knowledge that everything living is just as much our own inner nature, as is our own person, extends our interest to everything living; and in this way the heart is enlarged.
因为后者将我们的兴趣集中在我们自己个性的特殊表现上，而知识总是向我们呈现无数的危险，不断威胁着这种表现，焦虑和忧虑就成为我们性情的基调；认识到一切生物都是我们自己的内在本性，就像我们自己一样，这将我们的兴趣扩展到一切生物；这样，心就扩大了。
Thus through the diminished interest in our own self, the anxious care for the self is attacked at its very root and limited; hence the peace, the unbroken serenity, which a virtuous disposition and a good conscience affords, and the more distinct appearance of this with every good deed, for it proves to ourselves the depth of that disposition.
因此，由于我们对自己的兴趣减弱，对自我的焦虑关怀从根本上受到攻击并受到限制。因此，善良的性情和无亏的良心所带来的平静、不间断的宁静，以及每一件善行都更加明显地表现出这种平静，因为它向我们自己证明了这种性情的深度。
The egoist feels himself surrounded by strange and hostile individuals, and all his hope is centred in his own good.
利己主义者感觉自己被陌生而充满敌意的人包围着，他所有的希望都集中在自己的利益上。
The good man lives in a world of friendly individuals, the well-being of any of whom he regards as his own.
好人生活在一个充满友善的人的世界里，他将每个人的福祉视为自己的福祉。
Therefore, although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make his disposition a joyful one, yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings, gives him a certain evenness, and even serenity of disposition.
因此，虽然对人类命运的了解一般不会使他的性情变得快乐，但对所有生物的自身本性的永久了解，却使他的性情具有一定的均匀性，甚至平静感。
For the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one.
因为对无数表现形式的兴趣不会像集中在某一表现形式上那样引起焦虑。
The accidents which concern individuals collectively, equalise themselves, while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune.
涉及集体的事故，本身是平等的，而发生在特定个人身上的事故则构成了好运或坏运。
 Thus, though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue, and laws which it was necessary to follow, I, as has already been said, cannot do this because I have no “ought” or law to prescribe to the eternally free-will.
因此，尽管其他人已经制定了道德原则，并将其作为美德的规定和必须遵守的法律，但正如已经说过的，我不能这样做，因为我没有“应该”或法律来规定永恒的自由意志。
Yet on the other hand, in the connection of my system, what to a certain extent corresponds and is analogous to that undertaking is the purely theoretical truth, of which my whole exposition may be regarded as merely an elaboration, that the will is the in-itself of every phenomenon but itself, as such, is free from the forms of the phenomenal, and consequently from multiplicity; a truth, which, with reference to action, I do not know how to express better than by the formula of the Vedas already quoted: “Tat twam asi!” (This thou art!) Whoever is able to say this to himself, with regard to every being with whom he comes in contact, with clear knowledge and firm inward conviction, is certain of all virtue and blessedness, and is on the direct road to salvation.
但另一方面，就我的体系而言，在一定程度上与这项事业相对应和相似的，是纯粹的理论真理，我的整个阐述只能被视为一种阐述，即意志是存在的。 ——每一种现象的自身，但其本身，不受现象形式的影响，因此也不受多重性的影响；这是一个真理，就行动而言，我不知道如何比已经引用的吠陀经中的公式更好地表达它：“Tat twam asi！” （这就是你！） 凡是能够以清明的知识和坚定的内在信念，对自己所接触的每一个众生说这句话的人，就确信一切德行和福报，并且走在通达的直接道路上。救恩。
 But before I go further, and, as the conclusion of my exposition, show how love, the origin and nature of which we recognised as the penetration of the _principium individuationis_, leads to salvation, to the entire surrender of the will to live, _i.e._, of all volition, and also how another path, less soft but more frequented, leads men to the same goal, a paradoxical proposition must first be stated and explained; not because it is paradoxical, but because it is true, and is necessary to the completeness of the thought I have present.
但在我进一步阐述之前，并作为我的阐述的结论，展示爱的起源和本质，我们认为爱是个人原则的渗透，如何导致救赎，导致生活意志的完全投降，我.e._，对于所有的意志，以及另一条不那么温和但更频繁的道路如何引导人们达到相同的目标，必须首先陈述和解释一个矛盾的命题；不是因为它是矛盾的，而是因为它是真实的，并且对于我现在的想法的完整性是必要的。
It is this: “All love (αγαπη, _caritas_) is sympathy.”  § 67.
就是这样：“所有的爱（αγαπη，_caritas_）都是同情。” §67.
We have seen how justice proceeds from the penetration of the _principium individuationis_ in a less degree, and how from its penetration in a higher degree there arises goodness of disposition proper, which shows itself as pure, _i.e._, disinterested love towards others.
我们已经看到，正义是如何从较低程度的个人原则的渗透中产生的，以及如何从较高程度的渗透中产生善良的性情，这种善良表现为纯粹的，即对他人的无私的爱。 。
When now the latter becomes perfect, it places other individuals and their fate completely on a level with itself and its own fate.
当后者现在变得完美时，它将其他个人及其命运完全置于与自身及其命运相同的水平上。
Further than this it cannot go, for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own.
除此之外，它不能走得更远，因为没有理由更喜欢另一个人的个性而不是自己的个性。
Yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the regard for one’s own particular well-being.
然而，整个幸福或生命处于危险之中的其他人的数量可能超过了对自己特定福祉的关注。
In such a case, the character that has attained to the highest goodness and perfect nobility will entirely sacrifice its own well-being, and even its life, for the well-being of many others.
在这种情况下，达到最高善和完美高贵的品格将完全牺牲自己的福祉，甚至牺牲自己的生命，以换取许多其他人的福祉。
So died Codrus, and Leonidas, and Regulus, and Decius Mus, and Arnold von Winkelried; so dies every one who voluntarily and consciously faces certain death for his friends or his country.
科德鲁斯、列奥尼达、雷古勒斯、德修斯·穆斯、阿诺德·冯·温克尔里德就这样死了。每一个自愿、有意识地为朋友或国家面临死亡的人都会这样死去。
And they also stand on the same level who voluntarily submit to suffering and death for maintaining what conduces and rightly belongs to the welfare of all mankind; that is, for maintaining universal and important truths and destroying great errors.
他们也站在同一水平上，自愿忍受痛苦和死亡，以维护有益于并正确属于全人类福祉的事业；也就是说，维护普遍的重要真理，摧毁重大错误。
So died Socrates and Giordano Bruno, and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hands of the priests.
苏格拉底和佐丹奴·布鲁诺就这样死了，还有那么多真理的英雄被祭司们钉在火刑柱上。
 Now, however, I must remind the reader, with reference to the paradox stated above, that we found before that suffering is essential to life as a whole, and inseparable from it.
然而，现在我必须提醒读者，关于上述悖论，我们之前发现，苦难对于整个生命来说是必不可少的，并且与生命密不可分。
And that we saw that every wish proceeds from a need, from a want, from suffering, and that therefore every satisfaction is only the removal of a pain, and brings no positive happiness; that the joys certainly lie to the wish, presenting themselves as a positive good, but in truth they have only a negative nature, and are only the end of an evil.
我们看到，每一个愿望都源于需要、匮乏、痛苦，因此每一种满足都只是消除痛苦，并不会带来积极的幸福；快乐当然是对愿望的欺骗，将自己呈现为积极的善，但实际上它们只有消极的本质，并且只是邪恶的结局。
Therefore what goodness, love, and nobleness do for others, is always merely an alleviation of their suffering, and consequently all that can influence them to good deeds and works of love, is simply the _knowledge of the suffering of others_, which is directly understood from their own suffering and placed on a level with it.
因此，善良、慈爱和高尚为他人所做的一切，永远只是减轻他们的痛苦，因此，所有能够影响他们行善和爱的行为的，都只是“了解他人的痛苦”，这是直接理解的。从他们自己的痛苦中解脱出来，并与它放在同一水平上。
But it follows from this that pure love (αγαπη, _caritas_) is in its nature sympathy; whether the suffering it mitigates, to which every unsatisfied wish belongs, be great or small.
但由此可见，纯粹的爱（αγαπη，_caritas_）本质上是同情；无论它减轻的痛苦是大还是小，每一个未满足的愿望都属于这种痛苦。
Therefore we shall have no hesitation, in direct contradiction to Kant, who will only recognise all true goodness and all virtue to be such, if it has proceeded from abstract reflection, and indeed from the conception of duty and of the categorical imperative, and explains felt sympathy as weakness, and by no means virtue, we shall have no hesitation, I say, in direct contradiction to Kant, in saying: the mere concept is for genuine virtue just as unfruitful as it is for genuine art: all true and pure love is sympathy, and all love which is not sympathy is selfishness.
因此，我们将毫不犹豫地与康德直接矛盾，康德只会承认所有真正的善和所有美德，如果它来自抽象反思，实际上来自义务和绝对命令的概念，并解释如果我们把同情视为软弱，而绝不是美德，我说，我们将毫不犹豫地与康德直接相反，我说：纯粹的概念对于真正的美德来说就像对于真正的艺术一样是徒劳的：一切都是真实和纯粹的爱就是同情，所有没有同情的爱都是自私。
Ερος is selfishness, αγαπη is sympathy.
Ερος 是自私，αγαπη 是同情。
Combinations of the two frequently occur.
两者的结合经常出现。
Indeed genuine friendship is always a mixture of selfishness and sympathy; the former lies in the pleasure experienced in the presence of the friend, whose individuality corresponds to our own, and this almost always constitutes the greatest part; sympathy shows itself in the sincere participation in his joy and grief, and the disinterested sacrifices made in respect of the latter.
事实上，真正的友谊总是自私和同情的混合体。前者在于在朋友面前所体验到的快乐，他的个性与我们自己的个性相对应，而这几乎总是构成最大的部分；同情表现在真诚地参与他的欢乐和悲伤，以及为后者做出的无私牺牲。
Thus Spinoza says: _Benevolentia nihil aliud est, quam cupiditas ex commiseratione orta_ (Eth.
因此斯宾诺莎说：_Benevolentia nihil aliud est, quam cupiditas ex commiseratione orta_ (Eth.
iii.
三.
pr.
公关。
27, cor.
27，科尔。
3, schol.) As a confirmation of our paradoxical proposition it may be observed that the tone and words of the language and caresses of pure love, entirely coincide with the tones of sympathy; and we may also remark in passing that in Italian sympathy and true love are denoted by the same word _pietà_.
3，schol。）作为对我们悖论命题的证实，可以观察到，语言的语气和言语以及纯洁之爱的爱抚，与同情的语气完全一致；我们还可以顺便指出，在意大利，同情和真爱是用同一个词_pietà_表示的。
 This is also the place to explain one of the most striking peculiarities of human nature, _weeping_, which, like laughter, belongs to those qualities which distinguish man from the brutes.
这也是解释人性最显着的特征之一的地方，“哭泣”，就像笑声一样，属于区分人类与野兽的品质。
Weeping is by no means a direct expression of pain, for it occurs where there is very little pain.
哭泣绝不是痛苦的直接表达，因为它发生在疼痛很少的地方。
In my opinion, indeed, we never weep directly on account of the pain we experience, but always merely on account of its repetition in reflection.
事实上，在我看来，我们从来不会直接因为我们所经历的痛苦而哭泣，而总是仅仅因为它在反思中的重复而哭泣。
We pass from the felt pain, even when it is physical, to a mere idea of it, and then find our own state so deserving of sympathy that we are firmly and sincerely convinced that if another were the sufferer, we would be full of sympathy, and love to relieve him.
我们从感受到的痛苦，即使是身体上的痛苦，转变为仅仅是一种想法，然后发现我们自己的处境是如此值得同情，以至于我们坚定而真诚地相信，如果另一个人是受害者，我们也会充满同情心，并且喜欢减轻他的负担。
But now we ourselves are the object of our own sympathy; with the most benevolent disposition we are ourselves most in need of help; we feel that we suffer more than we could see another suffer; and in this very complex frame of mind, in which the directly felt suffering only comes to perception by a doubly circuitous route, imagined as the suffering of another, sympathised with as such, and then suddenly perceived again as directly our own,—in this complex frame of mind, I say, Nature relieves itself through that remarkable physical conflict.
但现在我们自己成了我们自己同情的对象；即使我们的性情最仁慈，我们自己也是最需要帮助的；我们觉得自己所受的痛苦比我们看到别人受苦还要多；在这种非常复杂的心境中，直接感受到的痛苦只能通过双重迂回的途径来感知，想象为他人的痛苦，同情他人的痛苦，然后突然再次直接感知为我们自己的痛苦，在这种情况下复杂的心境，我说，大自然通过这种非凡的身体冲突来缓解自己。
_Weeping_ is accordingly _sympathy with our own selves_, or sympathy directed back on its source.
因此，_哭泣_是_对我们自己的同情_，或者是对其根源的同情。
It is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy, and also upon imagination.
因此，它取决于爱和同情的能力，也取决于想象力。
Therefore men who are either hard-hearted or unimaginative do not weep easily, and weeping is even always regarded as a sign of a certain degree of goodness of character, and disarms anger, because it is felt that whoever can still weep, must necessarily always be capable of love, _i.e._, sympathy towards others, for this enters in the manner described into the disposition that leads to weeping.
因此，铁石心肠或缺乏想象力的人都不会轻易哭泣，哭泣甚至总是被视为某种程度的品格善良的标志，并消除愤怒，因为人们认为，谁还能哭泣，就一定总是这样。能够爱，即对他人有同情心，因为这会以所描述的方式进入导致哭泣的性格。
The description which Petrarch gives of the rising of his own tears, naïvely and truly expressing his feeling, entirely agrees with the explanation we have given—       “I vo pensando: e nel pensar m’ assale     _Una pietà si forte di me stesso_,     Che mi conduce spesso,     Ad alto lagrimar, ch’i non soleva.”(82)   What has been said is also confirmed by the fact that children who have been hurt generally do not cry till some one commiserates them; thus not on account of the pain, but on account of the idea of it.
彼特拉克对自己泪流满面的描述，天真而真实地表达了他的感受，与我们给出的解释完全一致——“I vo pensando: e nel pensar m' assale _Una pietà si forte di me stesso_, Che mi conduce spesso, Ad alto lagrimar, ch'i non soleva。”(82) 上述内容也得到了以下事实的证实：受过伤害的孩子通常不会哭泣，除非有人同情他们；因此，不是因为疼痛，而是因为疼痛的想法。
When we are moved to tears, not through our own suffering but through that of another, this happens as follows.
当我们感动落泪时，不是因为我们自己的痛苦，而是因为他人的痛苦，情况如下。
Either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination, or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole, and consequently, first of all, our own lot; and thus, in a very roundabout way, it is yet always about ourselves that we weep, sympathy with ourselves which we feel.
要么我们通过想象生动地将自己置于受难者的位置，要么从他的命运中看到整个人类的命运，因此，首先是我们自己的命运；因此，以一种非常迂回的方式，我们哭泣的始终是我们自己，我们对自己感到同情。
This seems to be the principal reason of the universal, and thus natural, weeping in the case of death.
这似乎是人们在死亡时普遍而自然地哭泣的主要原因。
The mourner does not weep for his loss; he would be ashamed of such egotistical tears, instead of which he is sometimes ashamed of not weeping.
哀悼者不会因失去亲人而哭泣；他会为这种自私的眼泪感到羞耻，相反，他有时会为不哭而感到羞耻。
First of all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead, but he also weeps when, after long, heavy, and incurable suffering, death was to this man a wished-for deliverance.
首先，他当然会为死者的命运而哭泣，但当他在经历了长期、沉重和无法治愈的痛苦之后，死亡对这个人来说是一种渴望的解脱时，他也会哭泣。
Thus, principally, he is seized with sympathy for the lot of all mankind, which is necessarily finite, so that every life, however aspiring, and often rich in deeds, must be extinguished and become nothing.
因此，主要的是，他对全人类的命运抱有同情心，而人类的命运必然是有限的，因此，每一个生命，无论多么有抱负，而且往往有多么丰富的功绩，都必须被消灭并化为乌有。
But in this lot of mankind the mourner sees first of all his own, and this all the more, the more closely he is related to him who has died, thus most of all if it is his father.
但在这群人中，哀悼者首先看到的是他自己的人，而且越是这样，他与死者的关系就越密切，因此最重要的是如果死者是他的父亲。
Although to his father his life was misery through age and sickness, and though his helplessness was a heavy burden to his son, yet that son weeps bitterly over the death of his father for the reason which has been given.(83)  § 68.
尽管对他的父亲来说，他的生活因年老和疾病而痛苦，尽管他的无助对他的儿子来说是一个沉重的负担，但那个儿子却因所给出的原因而为父亲的去世而痛哭。(83) § 68。
After this digression about the identity of pure love and sympathy, the final return of which upon our own individuality has, as its symptom, the phenomenon of weeping, I now take up the thread of our discussion of the ethical significance of action, in order to show how, from the same source from which all goodness, love, virtue, and nobility of character spring, there finally arises that which I call the denial of the will to live.
在谈到纯粹的爱和同情的身份之后，它们最终回归到我们自己的个性上，其症状就是哭泣的现象，现在我开始讨论行动的伦理意义，以便为了表明，从所有善良、爱、美德和高尚品格的同一源泉中，最终如何产生了我所说的对生存意志的否定。
 We saw before that hatred and wickedness are conditioned by egoism, and egoism rests on the entanglement of knowledge in the _principium individuationis_.
我们之前看到，仇恨和邪恶是以利己主义为条件的，而利己主义则建立在个体化原理中知识的纠缠之上。
Thus we found that the penetration of that _principium individuationis_ is the source and the nature of justice, and when it is carried further, even to its fullest extent, it is the source and nature of love and nobility of character.
因此，我们发现，个人原则的渗透是正义的源泉和本质，而当它进一步发展，甚至达到最充分的程度时，它就是爱和高尚品格的源泉和本质。
For this penetration alone, by abolishing the distinction between our own individuality and that of others, renders possible and explains perfect goodness of disposition, extending to disinterested love and the most generous self-sacrifice for others.
因为只有这种洞察力，通过消除我们自己的个性与他人的个性之间的区别，使完美的性情成为可能并解释，延伸到无私的爱和对他人最慷慨的自我牺牲。
 If, however, this penetration of the _principium individuationis_, this direct knowledge of the identity of will in all its manifestations, is present in a high degree of distinctness, it will at once show an influence upon the will which extends still further.
然而，如果这种对个体化原理的洞察，这种对意志在其所有表现形式中同一性的直接认识，以高度的明确性呈现出来，那么它就会立即显示出对意志的影响，并进一步延伸。
If that veil of Mâyâ, the _principium individuationis_, is lifted from the eyes of a man to such an extent that he no longer makes the egotistical distinction between his person and that of others, but takes as much interest in the sufferings of other individuals as in his own, and therefore is not only benevolent in the highest degree, but even ready to sacrifice his own individuality whenever such a sacrifice will save a number of other persons, then it clearly follows that such a man, who recognises in all beings his own inmost and true self, must also regard the infinite suffering of all suffering beings as his own, and take on himself the pain of the whole world.
如果玛雅的面纱，即个体化原则，从一个人的眼前被揭开，以至于他不再以自我为中心区分自己和他人，而是对他人的痛苦和对他人的痛苦同样感兴趣。因此，他不仅是最高程度的仁慈，而且甚至愿意牺牲自己的个性，只要这种牺牲能够拯救其他一些人，那么很明显，这样一个人，在所有存在中都认识到他的个性自己内心真实的自我，也必须将一切苦难众生的无限痛苦视为自己的，并承担整个世界的痛苦。
No suffering is any longer strange to him.
一切苦难对他来说都不再陌生。
All the miseries of others which he sees and is so seldom able to alleviate, all the miseries he knows directly, and even those which he only knows as possible, work upon his mind like his own.
他所看到的、很少能够减轻的其他人的所有痛苦，他直接知道的所有痛苦，甚至那些他只可能知道的痛苦，都像他自己的痛苦一样作用在他的思想上。
It is no longer the changing joy and sorrow of his own person that he has in view, as is the case with him who is still involved in egoism; but, since he sees through the _principium individuationis_, all lies equally near him.
他所关心的不再是他自己的喜怒哀乐的变化，而是像他仍然沉浸在利己主义之中；但是，由于他看透了个人原则，一切都同样离他很近。
He knows the whole, comprehends its nature, and finds that it consists in a constant passing away, vain striving, inward conflict, and continual suffering.
他了解整体，理解其本质，并发现它包含着不断的消逝、徒劳的努力、内心的冲突和持续的痛苦。
He sees wherever he looks suffering humanity, the suffering brute creation, and a world that passes away.
无论他看向何处，他都能看到受苦的人类、受苦的野蛮造物以及正在消逝的世界。
But all this now lies as near him as his own person lies to the egoist.
但现在这一切都离他很近，就像他自己对利己主义者的谎言一样。
Why should he now, with such knowledge of the world, assert this very life through constant acts of will, and thereby bind himself ever more closely to it, press it ever more firmly to himself? Thus he who is still involved in the _principium individuationis_, in egoism, only knows particular things and their relation to his own person, and these constantly become new _motives_ of his volition.
现在，他对世界有了如此的了解，为什么要通过不断的意志行动来维护这种生命，从而使自己与它更加紧密地结合在一起，将它更加牢固地压在自己身上呢？因此，仍然沉浸在利己主义中的“个体原则”的人，只知道特定的事物及其与他自己的关系，而这些不断地成为他的意志的新的“动机”。
But, on the other hand, that knowledge of the whole, of the nature of the thing-in-itself which has been described, becomes a _quieter_ of all and every volition.
但是，另一方面，对整体的认识，对所描述的自在之物的本质的认识，使所有的意志变得更加平静。
The will now turns away from life; it now shudders at the pleasures in which it recognises the assertion of life.
意志现在背离了生活；现在，它因承认生命的存在而感到快乐，不寒而栗。
Man now attains to the state of voluntary renunciation, resignation, true indifference, and perfect will-lessness.
人现在达到了自愿放弃、顺从、真正冷漠、完全无意志的状态。
If at times, in the hard experience of our own suffering, or in the vivid recognition of that of others, the knowledge of the vanity and bitterness of life draws nigh to us also who are still wrapt in the veil of Mâyâ, and we would like to destroy the sting of the desires, close the entrance against all suffering, and purify and sanctify ourselves by complete and final renunciation; yet the illusion of the phenomenon soon entangles us again, and its motives influence the will anew; we cannot tear ourselves free.
如果有时，在我们自己痛苦的艰难经历中，或者在对他人痛苦的生动认识中，生活的虚荣和痛苦的知识也接近我们这些仍然笼罩在玛雅面纱中的人，我们就会喜欢摧毁欲望的刺，关闭所有痛苦的入口，并通过完全和最终的放弃来净化和圣化我们自己；然而，这种现象的幻觉很快又再次纠缠我们，它的动机又重新影响我们的意志。我们无法挣脱束缚。
The allurement of hope, the flattery of the present, the sweetness of pleasure, the well-being which falls to our lot, amid the lamentations of a suffering world governed by chance and error, draws us back to it and rivets our bonds anew.
希望的诱惑、当下的奉承、快乐的甜蜜、我们命运的幸福，在一个由偶然和错误统治的苦难世界的哀叹中，把我们拉回到它，并重新铆紧我们的纽带。
Therefore Jesus says: “It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.”  If we compare life to a course or path through which we must unceasingly run—a path of red-hot coals, with a few cool places here and there; then he who is entangled in delusion is consoled by the cool places, on which he now stands, or which he sees near him, and sets out to run through the course.
因此耶稣说：“骆驼穿过针眼，比财主进神的国还容易。”如果我们把生活比作一条我们必须不断奔跑的路线或道路——一条烧红的煤路，到处都有一些凉爽的地方；然后，陷入妄想的人会受到他现在所站的或他在附近看到的凉爽地方的安慰，并开始跑完赛道。
But he who sees through the _principium individuationis_, and recognises the real nature of the thing-in-itself, and thus the whole, is no longer susceptible of such consolation; he sees himself in all places at once, and withdraws.
但是，如果一个人看透了个体化原理，认识到了物自体的真实本质，从而认识到了整体的本质，那么他就不再能够得到这样的安慰了。他立刻在所有地方看到了自己，然后就撤退了。
His will turns round, no longer asserts its own nature, which is reflected in the phenomenon, but denies it.
他的意志转变了，不再坚持它反映在现象中的本质，而是否认它。
The phenomenon by which this change is marked, is the transition from virtue to asceticism.
这种变化的显着现象是从美德到禁欲主义的转变。
That is to say, it no longer suffices for such a man to love others as himself, and to do as much for them as for himself; but there arises within him a horror of the nature of which his own phenomenal existence is an expression, the will to live, the kernel and inner nature of that world which is recognised as full of misery.
也就是说，这样的人仅仅爱人如己，为别人做事如同为自己做事，已经不够了；但他内心升起一种对本质的恐惧，他自己的现象存在就是这种本质的表达，是生存的意愿，是那个被认为充满痛苦的世界的核心和内在本质。
He therefore disowns this nature which appears in him, and is already expressed through his body, and his action gives the lie to his phenomenal existence, and appears in open contradiction to it.
因此，他否认出现在他身上的这种本性，并且已经通过他的身体表达出来，他的行为给他的现象存在提供了谎言，并与它公开矛盾。
Essentially nothing else but a manifestation of will, he ceases to will anything, guards against attaching his will to anything, and seeks to confirm in himself the greatest indifference to everything.
本质上来说，除了意志的表现之外，他什么都没有，他不再意志任何东西，防止将自己的意志依附于任何事物，并寻求在自己身上确认对一切事物的最大程度的冷漠。
His body, healthy and strong, expresses through the genitals, the sexual impulse; but he denies the will and gives the lie to the body; he desires no sensual gratification under any condition.
他的身体健康强壮，通过生殖器表达性冲动；但他否认意志，将谎言交给身体；在任何情况下他都不渴望感官的满足。
Voluntary and complete chastity is the first step in asceticism or the denial of the will to live.
自愿和完全的贞洁是禁欲主义或否认生存意愿的第一步。
It thereby denies the assertion of the will which extends beyond the individual life, and gives the assurance that with the life of this body, the will, whose manifestation it is, ceases.
因此，它否认了超越个人生命的意志的主张，并保证随着这个身体的生命，意志（其表现形式）就会停止。
Nature, always true and naïve, declares that if this maxim became universal, the human race would die out; and I think I may assume, in accordance with what was said in the Second Book about the connection of all manifestations of will, that with its highest manifestation, the weaker reflection of it would also pass away, as the twilight vanishes along with the full light.
大自然总是真实而天真地宣称，如果这条格言变得普遍，人类就会灭绝；我想我可以假设，根据第二本书中所说的关于意志的所有表现形式的联系，随着它的最高表现，它的较弱的反射也会消失，就像暮光随着完整的意志消失一样。光。
With the entire abolition of knowledge, the rest of the world would of itself vanish into nothing; for without a subject there is no object.
随着知识的彻底废除，世界的其余部分将自行消失。因为没有主体就没有客体。
I should like here to refer to a passage in the Vedas, where it is said: “As in this world hungry infants press round their mother; so do all beings await the holy oblation.” (Asiatic Researches, vol.
我想在这里引用《吠陀经》中的一段话，其中说道：“正如在这个世界上，饥饿的婴儿围着他们的母亲；一切众生亦如此，等待圣供。” （亚洲研究，卷。
viii.; Colebrooke, On the Vedas, Abstract of the Sama-Veda; also in Colebrooke’s Miscellaneous Essays, vol.
八。；科尔布鲁克，《论吠陀》，《娑摩吠陀》摘要；也在科尔布鲁克的杂文，卷。
i.
我。
p.
p。
79.) Sacrifice means resignation generally, and the rest of nature must look for its salvation to man who is at once the priest and the sacrifice.
79.) 牺牲一般意味着顺从，而自然界的其余部分必须向既是祭司又是牺牲品的人寻求救赎。
Indeed it deserves to be noticed as very remarkable, that this thought has also been expressed by the admirable and unfathomably profound Angelus Silesius, in the little poem entitled, “Man brings all to God;” it runs, “Man! all loves thee; around thee great is the throng.
事实上，值得注意的是，这一思想也被令人钦佩且深不可测的安杰鲁斯·西莱修斯（Angelus Silesius）在题为“人将一切带到上帝面前”的小诗中表达了出来；它写道：“伙计！所有人都爱你；你周围有很多人。
All things flee to thee that they may attain to God.” But a yet greater mystic, Meister Eckhard, whose wonderful writings are at last accessible (1857) through the edition of Franz Pfeiffer, says the same thing (p.
万物都逃向你，以便到达上帝那里。”但是，一位更伟大的神秘主义者艾克哈德大师也说了同样的话，他的精彩著作终于可以通过弗兰兹·菲佛的版本获得（1857 年）了。
459) quite in the sense explained here: “I bear witness to the saying of Christ.
459）正是在此解释的意义上：“我为基督的话作见证。
I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all things unto me (John xii.
我若从地上被举起来，就要吸引万有来归向我（约翰福音十二章
32).
32）。
So shall the good man draw all things up to God, to the source whence they first came.
善人也应如此，将万物引向上帝，引向它们最初出现的源头。
The Masters certify to us that all creatures are made for the sake of man.
大师们向我们证明，所有生物都是为了人类而创造的。
This is proved in all created things, by the fact that the one makes the use of the other; the ox makes use of the grass, the fish of the water, the bird of the air, the wild beast of the forest.
这在所有受造物中得到了证明，一者利用另一者这一事实。牛用草，鱼用水，鸟用空中，猛兽用林。
Thus, all created things become of use to the good man.
因此，一切受造之物都对好人有用。
A good man brings to God the one created thing in the other.” He means to say, that man makes use of the brutes in this life because, in and with himself, he saves them also.
一个好人将另一个人身上的受造之物带到上帝面前。”他的意思是说，人在今生利用野兽，因为他也通过自己拯救了它们。
It also seems to me that that difficult passage in the Bible, Rom.
在我看来，《圣经》中那段困难的经文，《罗马书》。
viii.
八．
21-24, must be interpreted in this sense.
21-24，必须在这个意义上解释。
 In Buddhism also, there is no lack of expressions of this truth.
在佛教中也不乏表达这个道理的。
For example, when Buddha, still as Bodisatwa, has his horse saddled for the last time, for his flight into the wilderness from his father’s house, he says these lines to the horse: “Long hast thou existed in life and in death, but now thou shalt cease from carrying and drawing.
例如，当佛陀仍以菩提萨特瓦的身份，最后一次为他的马备鞍，准备从他父亲的家逃入荒野时，他对马说了这些话：“你在生与死中存在已久，但现在你应该停止携带和绘画。
Bear me but this once more, O Kantakana, away from here, and when I have attained to the Law (have become Buddha) I will not forget thee” (Foe Koue Ki, trad.
哦，坎塔卡纳，请再一次带我离开这里，当我获得法律（成为佛陀）时，我不会忘记你。”（Foe Koue Ki，trad.
p.
p。
Abel Rémusat, p.
阿贝尔雷穆萨特，p。
233).
233）。
 Asceticism then shows itself further in voluntary and intentional poverty, which not only arises _per accidens_, because the possessions are given away to mitigate the sufferings of others, but is here an end in itself, is meant to serve as a constant mortification of will, so that the satisfaction of the wishes, the sweet of life, shall not again arouse the will, against which self-knowledge has conceived a horror.
禁欲主义则进一步表现在自愿和故意的贫困中，这种贫困不仅是偶然产生的，因为财产被捐献是为了减轻他人的痛苦，而且这里的禁欲主义本身就是目的，意味着不断地抑制意志，这样，愿望的满足、生活的甜蜜，就不会再次激起意志，而自知之明却对意志产生了恐惧。
He who has attained to this point, still always feels, as a living body, as concrete manifestation of will, the natural disposition for every kind of volition; but he intentionally suppresses it, for he compels himself to refrain from doing all that he would like to do, and to do all that he would like not to do, even if this has no further end than that of serving as a mortification of will.
达到这一点的人，仍然总是感觉到，作为一个生命体，作为意志的具体表现，各种意志的自然倾向；但他故意压抑它，因为他强迫自己不做所有他想做的事，而做所有他不想做的事，即使这除了抑制意志之外没有其他结果。 。
Since he himself denies the will which appears in his own person, he will not resist if another does the same, _i.e._, inflicts wrongs upon him.
既然他自己否认出现在他自己身上的意志，那么如果别人也这样做，即对他造成伤害，他就不会反抗。
Therefore every suffering coming to him from without, through chance or the wickedness of others, is welcome to him, every injury, ignominy, and insult; he receives them gladly as the opportunity of learning with certainty that he no longer asserts the will, but gladly sides with every enemy of the manifestation of will which is his own person.
因此，他欢迎一切从外部、偶然或他人的邪恶而遭受的痛苦，以及一切伤害、耻辱和侮辱；他很高兴地接受它们，认为这是一个机会，让他确信自己不再坚持意志，而是高兴地站在每一个反对他自己的意志表现的敌人一边。
Therefore he bears such ignominy and suffering with inexhaustible patience and meekness, returns good for evil without ostentation, and allows the fire of anger to rise within him just as little as that of the desires.
因此，他以无尽的忍耐和温柔来承受这样的耻辱和痛苦，以德报怨，不张扬，不让愤怒之火像欲望之火一样在他内心升起。
And he mortifies not only the will itself, but also its visible form, its objectivity, the body.
他不仅抑制意志本身，而且抑制它的可见形式、客观性和身体。
He nourishes it sparingly, lest its excessive vigour and prosperity should animate and excite more strongly the will, of which it is merely the expression and the mirror.
他谨慎地滋养它，以免它过度的活力和繁荣会更加强烈地激发和激发意志，而它只是意志的表达和镜子。
So he practises fasting, and even resorts to chastisement and self-inflicted torture, in order that, by constant privation and suffering, he may more and more break down and destroy the will, which he recognises and abhors as the source of his own suffering existence and that of the world.
因此，他实行禁食，甚至采取惩罚和自我折磨的方式，以便在不断的匮乏和痛苦中，他越来越崩溃和摧毁他的意志，他承认并憎恶意志是他自己痛苦的根源。存在和世界的存在。
If at last death comes, which puts an end to this manifestation of that will, whose existence here has long since perished through free-denial of itself, with the exception of the weak residue of it which appears as the life of this body; it is most welcome, and is gladly received as a longed-for deliverance.
如果死亡最终到来，它结束了那个意志的表现，那么这个意志的存在早已通过对自身的自由否定而消失了，除了它作为这个身体的生命而出现的微弱的残余物之外；它是最受欢迎的，并且被高兴地接受为一种渴望的解脱。
Here it is not, as in the case of others, merely the manifestation which ends with death; but the inner nature itself is abolished, which here existed only in the manifestation, and that in a very weak degree;(84) this last slight bond is now broken.
在这里，它并不像其他情况那样，仅仅是以死亡结束的表现；但内在本质本身被废除了，它在这里只存在于表现形式中，而且程度非常微弱；（84）这最后的轻微联系现在被打破了。
For him who thus ends, the world has ended also.
对于这样结束的人来说，世界也结束了。
 And what I have here described with feeble tongue and only in general terms, is no philosophical fable, invented by myself, and only of to-day; no, it was the enviable life of so many saints and beautiful souls among Christians, and still more among Hindus and Buddhists, and also among the believers of other religions.
我在这里用软弱的语言所描述的只是笼统的术语，并不是我自己发明的哲学寓言，而且只是今天的；不，这是基督徒中许多圣人和美丽灵魂令人羡慕的生活，尤其是印度教徒和佛教徒以及其他宗教的信徒中。
However different were the dogmas impressed on their reason, the same inward, direct, intuitive knowledge, from which alone all virtue and holiness proceed, expressed itself in precisely the same way in the conduct of life.
无论灌输给他们的理性的教条有多么不同，同样的内在的、直接的、直觉的知识，所有的美德和圣洁都是从这些知识中产生的，在生活的行为中以完全相同的方式表达自己。
For here also the great distinction between intuitive and abstract knowledge shows itself; a distinction which is of such importance and universal application in our whole investigation, and which has hitherto been too little attended to.
因为直觉知识和抽象知识之间的巨大区别也在这里显现出来。这一区别在我们的整个研究中是如此重要和普遍适用，但迄今为止却很少受到关注。
There is a wide gulf between the two, which can only be crossed by the aid of philosophy, as regards the knowledge of the nature of the world.
关于世界本质的知识，两者之间存在着巨大的鸿沟，只能借助哲学的帮助来跨越。
Intuitively or _in concreto_, every man is really conscious of all philosophical truths, but to bring them to abstract knowledge, to reflection, is the work of philosophy, which neither ought nor is able to do more than this.
直观上或具体而言，每个人都确实意识到所有哲学真理，但将它们带入抽象知识和反思，是哲学的工作，哲学不应该也不能做更多的事情。
 Thus it may be that the inner nature of holiness, self-renunciation, mortification of our own will, asceticism, is here for the first time expressed abstractly, and free from all mythical elements, as _denial of the will to live_, appearing after the complete knowledge of its own nature has become a quieter of all volition.
因此，神圣、自我放弃、克己意志、禁欲主义的内在本质在这里可能第一次被抽象地表达出来，并且摆脱了所有神话元素，作为“对生存意志的否定”，出现在对自身本质的完全了解已经成为所有意志的平静。
On the other hand, it has been known directly and realised in practice by saints and ascetics, who had all the same inward knowledge, though they used very different language with regard to it, according to the dogmas which their reason had accepted, and in consequence of which an Indian, a Christian, or a Lama saint must each give a very different account of his conduct, which is, however, of no importance as regards the fact.
另一方面，圣人和苦行者已经直接认识并在实践中实现了它，他们拥有相同的内在知识，尽管根据他们的理性所接受的教条，他们使用了非常不同的语言。其结果是，印度人、基督徒或喇嘛圣人必须各自对自己的行为作出截然不同的解释，然而，就事实而言，这并不重要。
A saint may be full of the absurdest superstition, or, on the contrary, he may be a philosopher, it is all the same.
一个圣人可能充满了最荒谬的迷信，或者相反，他可能是一个哲学家，这都是一样的。
His conduct alone certifies that he is a saint, for, in a moral regard, it proceeds from knowledge of the world and its nature, which is not abstractly but intuitively and directly apprehended, and is only expressed by him in any dogma for the satisfaction of his reason.
他的行为本身就证明了他是一位圣人，因为从道德角度来看，它源于对世界及其本质的认识，这种认识不是抽象的，而是直观和直接理解的，并且仅由他在任何教条中表达以满足满足他的理由。
It is therefore just as little needful that a saint should be a philosopher as that a philosopher should be a saint; just as it is not necessary that a perfectly beautiful man should be a great sculptor, or that a great sculptor should himself be a beautiful man.
因此，圣人不一定是哲学家，正如哲学家不一定一定是圣人一样。正如一个完美的美男子不一定是一个伟大的雕塑家，或者一个伟大的雕塑家本身不一定是一个美丽的男人。
In general, it is a strange demand upon a moralist that he should teach no other virtue than that which he himself possesses.
一般来说，对一个道德家来说，除了他自己所拥有的美德之外，他不应该传授其他美德，这是一个奇怪的要求。
To repeat the whole nature of the world abstractly, universally, and distinctly in concepts, and thus to store up, as it were, a reflected image of it in permanent concepts always at the command of the reason; this and nothing else is philosophy.
在概念中抽象地、普遍地、清晰地重复世界的全部本质，从而在永远受理性支配的永久概念中储存世界的反映图像；这就是哲学。
I refer the reader to the passage quoted from Bacon in the First Book.
我请读者阅读第一本书中引用的培根的段落。
 But the description I have given above of the denial of the will to live, of the conduct of a beautiful soul, of a resigned and voluntarily expiating saint, is merely abstract and general, and therefore cold.
但是，我上面所描述的对生存意志的否认、对美丽灵魂的行为、对听天由命和自愿赎罪的圣人的描述，只是抽象和笼统的，因此是冷漠的。
As the knowledge from which the denial of the will proceeds is intuitive and not abstract, it finds its most perfect expression, not in abstract conceptions, but in deeds and conduct.
由于对意志进行否定的知识是直观的而不是抽象的，因此它最完美的表达不是在抽象概念中，而是在行动和行为中。
Therefore, in order to understand fully what we philosophically express as denial of the will to live, one must come to know examples of it in experience and actual life.
因此，为了充分理解我们在哲学上表达的对生存意志的否定，我们必须了解经验和现实生活中的例子。
Certainly they are not to be met with in daily experience: _Nam omnia præclara tam difficilia quam rara sunt_, Spinoza admirably says.
当然，它们在日常经验中是不会遇到的：_Namomnia præclara tam difficilia quam rara sunt_，斯宾诺莎令人钦佩地说。
Therefore, unless by a specially happy fate we are made eye-witnesses, we have to content ourselves with descriptions of the lives of such men.
因此，除非有特别幸运的命运使我们成为目击者，否则我们只能满足于描述这些人的生活。
Indian literature, as we see from the little that we as yet know through translations, is very rich in descriptions of the lives of saints, penitents, Samanas or ascetics, Sannyâsis or mendicants, and whatever else they may be called.
印度文学，正如我们通过翻译所知的一点点所看到的，对圣人、忏悔者、沙门或苦行僧、萨尼亚西或托钵僧以及其他任何他们可能被称为的人的生活的描述非常丰富。
Even the well-known “Mythologie des Indous, par Mad.
甚至是著名的“疯狂的印度神话”。
de Polier,” though by no means to be commended in every respect, contains many excellent examples of this kind (especially in ch.
de Polier》虽然在各方面都没有受到赞扬，但包含了许多此类的优秀例子（特别是在第 1 章）。
13, vol.
13，卷。
ii.) Among Christians also there is no lack of examples which afford us the illustrations we desire.
ii.) 在基督徒中也不乏例子可以为我们提供我们想要的例证。
See the biographies, for the most part badly written, of those persons who are sometimes called saintly souls, sometimes pietists, quietists, devout enthusiasts, and so forth.
看看那些有时被称为圣人灵魂、有时被称为虔诚主义者、安静主义者、虔诚狂热者等等的人的传记，大部分写得很糟糕。
Collections of such biographies have been made at various times, such as Tersteegen’s “Leben heiliger Seelen,” Reiz’s “Geschichte der Wiedergeborennen,” in our own day, a collection by Kanne, which, with much that is bad, yet contains some good, and especially the “Leben der Beata Sturmin.” To this category very properly belongs the life of St.
此类传记的合集在不同时期都有出版，例如特尔施蒂根的《Leben heiliger Seelen》、雷兹的《Geschichte der Wiedergeborennen》，以及我们这个时代的坎内的合集，其中有很多不好的地方，但也包含一些好的东西，尤其是“Leben der Beata Sturmin”。圣约翰的一生就属于这一类。
Francis of Assisi, that true personification of the ascetic, and prototype of all mendicant friars.
阿西西的方济各，苦行僧的真正化身，所有托钵僧的原型。
His life, described by his younger contemporary, St.
他的一生，由他年轻的同时代人圣约翰描述。
Bonaventura, also famous as a scholastic, has recently been republished.
博纳文图拉（Bonaventura）也是著名的学者，最近重新出版。
“Vita S.
“维塔·S.
Francisci a S.
弗朗西斯·S.
Bonaventura concinnata” (Soest, 1847), though shortly before a painstaking and detailed biography, making use of all sources of information, appeared in France, “Histoire de S.
Bonaventura concinnata”（Soest，1847），尽管不久之前，一本利用所有信息来源的精心撰写的详细传记在法国出版，“Histoire de S.
François d’Assise, par Chavin de Mallan” (1845).
弗朗索瓦·达西斯，《查文·德·马兰》（1845）。
As an Oriental parallel of these monastic writings we have the very valuable work of Spence Hardy, “Eastern Monachism; an Account of the Order of Mendicants founded by Gotama Budha” (1850).
作为这些修道院著作的东方对照，我们有斯彭斯·哈代（Spence Hardy）非常有价值的著作，“东方修道院主义； 《乔达摩·佛陀创立的托钵僧会记》（1850 年）。
It shows us the same thing in another dress.
它向我们展示了另一件衣服上同样的东西。
We also see what a matter of indifference it is whether it proceeds from a theistical or an atheistical religion.
我们还看到，无论它是来自有神论宗教还是无神论宗教，都是多么无关紧要的事情。
But as a special and exceedingly full example and practical illustration of the conceptions I have established, I can thoroughly recommend the “Autobiography of Madame de Guion.” To become acquainted with this great and beautiful soul, the very thought of whom always fills me with reverence, and to do justice to the excellence of her disposition while making allowance for the superstition of her reason, must be just as delightful to every man of the better sort as with vulgar thinkers, _i.e._, the majority, that book will always stand in bad repute.
但作为我所建立的概念的一个特殊且极其全面的例子和实际说明，我可以彻底推荐《德吉安夫人自传》。认识这个伟大而美丽的灵魂，一想到她总是让我充满崇敬，并在考虑到她理性迷信的同时，公正地评价她的卓越性情，一定会令每个男人都感到高兴。对于庸俗思想家（即大多数人）来说，这本书将永远享有不好的声誉。
For it is the case with regard to everything, that each man can only prize that which to a certain extent is analogous to him and for which he has at least a slight inclination.
因为就一切而言，每个人只能珍视那些在某种程度上与他相似并且至少有轻微倾向的东西。
This holds good of ethical concerns as well as of intellectual.
这既适用于道德问题，也适用于知识分子。
We might to a certain extent regard the well-known French biography of Spinoza as a case in point, if we used as a key to it that noble introduction to his very insufficient essay, “De Emendatione Intellectus,” a passage which I can also recommend as the most effectual means I know of stilling the storm of the passions.
在某种程度上，我们可以将法国著名的斯宾诺莎传记视为一个恰当的例子，如果我们使用他那篇非常不充分的文章“De Emendatione Intellectus”的高贵介绍作为钥匙，我也可以用这段文字来了解斯宾诺莎的传记。推荐是我所知道的平息激情风暴最有效的方法。
Finally, even the great Goethe, Greek as he is, did not think it below his dignity to show us this most beautiful side of humanity in the magic mirror of poetic art, for he represented the life of Fräulein Klettenberg in an idealised form in his “Confessions of a Beautiful Soul,” and later, in his own biography, gave us also an historical account of it.
最后，即使是伟大的歌德，虽然他是希腊人，但他也不认为在诗歌艺术的魔镜中向我们展示人性最美丽的一面有失尊严，因为他在他的作品中以理想化的形式再现了克莱滕贝格小姐的生活。 《美丽灵魂的自白》，后来在他自己的传记中，也给我们提供了历史的叙述。
Besides this, he twice told the story of the life of St.
除此之外，他还两次讲述了圣约翰的生平故事。
Philippo Neri.
菲利波·内里.
The history of the world, will, and indeed must, keep silence about the men whose conduct is the best and only adequate illustration of this important point of our investigation, for the material of the history of the world is quite different, and indeed opposed to this.
世界历史将而且确实必须对那些行为最好且唯一充分说明我们研究的这一重要观点的人保持沉默，因为世界历史的材料是完全不同的，而且实际上是相反的对此。
It is not the denial of the will to live, but its assertion and its manifestation in innumerable individuals in which its conflict with itself at the highest grade of its objectification appears with perfect distinctness, and brings before our eyes, now the ascendancy of the individual through prudence, now the might of the many through their mass, now the might of chance personified as fate, always the vanity and emptiness of the whole effort.
这不是对生存意志的否认，而是它在无数个人中的主张和表现，其中，在其客体化的最高级别上，它与自身的冲突以完全清晰的方式呈现在我们眼前，现在个人的优势出现在我们眼前。通过谨慎，现在通过大众的力量，现在通过化身为命运的机会的力量，整个努力总是虚荣和空虚。
We, however, do not follow here the course of phenomena in time, but, as philosophers, we seek to investigate the ethical significance of action, and take this as the only criterion of what for us is significant and important.
然而，我们在这里并没有及时追随现象的进程，而是作为哲学家，我们寻求研究行动的伦理意义，并将其作为对我们来说意义重大和重要的唯一标准。
Thus we will not be withheld by any fear of the constant numerical superiority of vulgarity and dulness from acknowledging that the greatest, most important, and most significant phenomenon that the world can show is not the conqueror of the world, but the subduer of it; is nothing but the quiet, unobserved life of a man who has attained to the knowledge in consequence of which he surrenders and denies that will to live which fills everything and strives and strains in all, and which first gains freedom here in him alone, so that his conduct becomes the exact opposite of that of other men.
因此，我们不会因为对庸俗和愚昧的持续数量优势的恐惧而无法承认，世界所能展示的最伟大、最重要和最有意义的现象不是世界的征服者，而是世界的征服者；只不过是一个人安静的、不为人知的生活，他获得了知识，因此他放弃并否认了那种充满一切、在所有人中奋斗和紧张的生存意志，而这种生存意志首先仅在他身上获得了自由，所以他的行为与其他人的行为完全相反。
In this respect, therefore, for the philosopher, these accounts of the lives of holy, self-denying men, badly as they are generally written, and mixed as they are with superstition and nonsense, are, because of the significance of the material, immeasurably more instructive and important than even Plutarch and Livy.
因此，在这方面，对于哲学家来说，这些关于神圣、克己的人的生活的记述，尽管通常写得很糟糕，并且混杂着迷信和胡言乱语，但由于材料的重要性，甚至比普鲁塔克和李维更具启发性和重要性。
 It will further assist us much in obtaining a more definite and full knowledge of what we have expressed abstractly and generally, according to our method of exposition, as the denial of the will to live, if we consider the moral teaching that has been imparted with this intention, and by men who were full of this spirit; and this will also show how old our view is, though the pure philosophical expression of it may be quite new.
如果我们考虑一下所传授的道德教义，它将进一步帮助我们对我们所抽象和一般地表达的内容获得更明确和更全面的了解，根据我们的阐述方法，这是对生存意志的否定。这种意图，以及充满这种精神的人；这也将表明我们的观点有多古老，尽管它的纯粹哲学表达可能相当新。
The teaching of this kind which lies nearest to hand is Christianity, the ethics of which are entirely in the spirit indicated, and lead not only to the highest degrees of human love, but also to renunciation.
这种近在眼前的教义就是基督教，其伦理完全符合所指出的精神，不仅导致人类最高程度的爱，而且导致克制。
The germ of this last side of it is certainly distinctly present in the writings of the Apostles, but it was only fully developed and expressed later.
它最后一面的萌芽当然明显地存在于使徒的著作中，但它只是在后来才得到充分发展和表达。
We find the Apostles enjoining the love of our neighbour as ourselves, benevolence, the requital of hatred with love and well-doing, patience, meekness, the endurance of all possible injuries without resistance, abstemiousness in nourishment to keep down lust, resistance to sensual desire, if possible, altogether.
我们发现使徒们嘱咐我们要爱人如己、仁慈、以爱和行善报答仇恨、忍耐、温柔、毫无抵抗地承受所有可能的伤害、节制饮食以抑制情欲、抵制肉欲。如果可能的话，完全渴望。
We already see here the first degrees of asceticism, or denial of the will proper.
我们已经在这里看到了第一阶段的禁欲主义，或者说对正当意志的否定。
This last expression denotes that which in the Gospels is called denying ourselves and taking up the cross (Matt.
这最后的表达指的是福音书中所谓的舍己背起十字架（马太福音 11:11）。
xvi.
十六.
24, 25; Mark viii.
24、25；马克八世。
34, 35; Luke ix.
34、35；路加九.
23, 24, xiv.
23、24、十四。
26, 27, 33).
26、27、33）。
This tendency soon developed itself more and more, and was the origin of hermits, anchorites, and monasticism—an origin which in itself was pure and holy, but for that very reason unsuitable for the great majority of men; therefore what developed out of it could only be hypocrisy and wickedness, for _abusus optimi pessimus_.
这种倾向很快就愈演愈烈，成为隐士、隐士和修道主义的起源——这种起源本身是纯洁而神圣的，但正因为如此，不适合大多数人。因此，对于“abusus optimi pessimus”来说，从中发展出来的只能是虚伪和邪恶。
In more developed Christianity, we see that seed of asceticism unfold into the full flower in the writings of the Christian saints and mystics.
在更发达的基督教中，我们看到禁欲主义的种子在基督教圣人和神秘主义者的著作中绽放成花朵。
These preach, besides the purest love, complete resignation, voluntary and absolute poverty, genuine calmness, perfect indifference to all worldly things, dying to our own will and being born again in God, entire forgetting of our own person, and sinking ourselves in the contemplation of God.
这些人宣扬的，除了最纯洁的爱之外，还宣扬完全的顺从、自愿和绝对的贫穷、真正的平静、对一切世俗事物完全漠不关心、死于自己的意志并在上帝里面重生、完全忘记我们自己，并让自己沉溺在上帝的世界中。对神的沉思。
A full exposition of this will be found in Fénélon’s “Explication des Maximes des Saints sur la Vie Interieure.” But the spirit of this development of Christianity is certainly nowhere so fully and powerfully expressed as in the writings of the German mystics, in the works of Meister Eckhard, and in that justly famous book “Die Deutsche Theologie,” of which Luther says in the introduction to it which he wrote, that with the exception of the Bible and St.
对此的完整阐述可以在费内隆的《Explication des Maximes des Saints sur la Vie Interieure》中找到。但是，基督教这种发展的精神无疑没有像德国神秘主义者的著作、艾克哈德大师的著作以及路德在《德国神学》一书中所说的那样，得到如此充分和有力的表达。他写的介绍说，除了《圣经》和《圣约翰》之外。
Augustine, he had learnt more from it of what God, Christ, and man are than from any other book.
奥古斯丁从这本书中学到的关于上帝、基督和人的知识比从任何其他书中都多。
Yet we only got the genuine and correct text of it in the year 1851, in the Stuttgart edition by Pfeiffer.
然而，直到 1851 年，我们才得到了该书真实、正确的文本，即 Pfeiffer 的斯图加特版。
The precepts and doctrines which are laid down there are the most perfect exposition, sprung from deep inward conviction of what I have presented as the denial of the will.
其中所制定的戒律和教义是最完美的阐释，源于对我所提出的对意志的否定的内心深处的信念。
It should therefore be studied more closely in that form before it is dogmatised about with Jewish-Protestant assurance.
因此，在以犹太新教的保证将其教条化之前，应该以这种形式对其进行更仔细的研究。
Tauler’s “Nachfolgung des armen Leben Christi,” and also his “Medulla Animæ,” are written in the same admirable spirit, though not quite equal in value to that work.
陶勒的《Nachfolgung des Armen Leben Christi》和《Medulla Animæ》都是以同样令人钦佩的精神写成的，尽管其价值并不完全等同于那部作品。
In my opinion the teaching of these genuine Christian mystics, when compared with the teaching of the New Testament, is as alcohol to wine, or what becomes visible in the New Testament as through a veil and mist appears to us in the works of the mystics without cloak or disguise, in full clearness and distinctness.
在我看来，这些真正的基督教神秘主义者的教义，与新约的教义相比，就像酒精与酒一样，或者在新约中变得可见的东西，就像透过面纱和薄雾在神秘主义者的作品中向我们显现一样。没有斗篷或伪装，完全清晰和明确。
Finally, the New Testament might be regarded as the first initiation, the mystics as the second,—σμικρα και μεγαλα μυστηρια.
最后，新约可以被视为第一个启蒙，神秘主义者是第二个启蒙——σμικρα και μεγαλα μυστηρια。
 We find, however, that which we have called the denial of the will to live more fully developed, more variously expressed, and more vividly represented in the ancient Sanscrit writings than could be the case in the Christian Church and the Western world.
然而，我们发现，我们所说的对生活意志的否定，在古代梵文著作中比基督教会和西方世界的情况更充分地发展、表达得更多样化、表现得更生动。
That this important ethical view of life could here attain to a fuller development and a more distinct expression is perhaps principally to be ascribed to the fact that it was not confined by an element quite foreign to it, as Christianity is by the Jewish theology, to which its sublime author had necessarily to adopt and accommodate it, partly consciously, partly, it may be, unconsciously.
这种重要的生命伦理观在这里能够得到更充分的发展和更独特的表达，也许主要归因于这样一个事实：它并没有受到一种与之完全陌生的因素的限制，就像基督教受到犹太神学的限制一样，它的崇高作者必然要采用和适应它，部分是有意识的，部分可能是无意识的。
Thus Christianity is made up of two very different constituent parts, and I should like to call the purely ethical part especially and indeed exclusively Christian, and distinguish it from the Jewish dogmatism with which it is combined.
因此，基督教是由两个截然不同的组成部分组成的，我想将纯粹伦理部分称为特别的、实际上完全是基督教的部分，并将其与与之相结合的犹太教条主义区分开来。
If, as has often been feared, and especially at the present time, that excellent and salutary religion should altogether decline, I should look for the reason of this simply in the fact that it does not consist of one single element, but of two originally different elements, which have only been combined through the accident of history.
如果像人们经常担心的那样，特别是在目前，那种优秀而有益的宗教会完全衰落，那么我应该简单地从以下事实中寻找其原因：它不是由单一的元素组成，而是由两个最初的元素组成。不同的元素，只有通过历史的偶然才结合在一起。
In such a case dissolution had to follow through the separation of these elements, arising from their different relationship to and reaction against the progressive spirit of the age.
在这种情况下，解散必须通过这些元素的分离来实现，这是由于它们与时代进步精神的不同关系和反作用而产生的。
But even after this dissolution the purely ethical part must always remain uninjured, because it is indestructible.
但即使在这种解体之后，纯粹的伦理部分也必须始终保持不受伤害，因为它是坚不可摧的。
Our knowledge of Hindu literature is still very imperfect.
我们对印度教文学的了解还很不完善。
Yet, as we find their ethical teaching variously and powerfully expressed in the Vedas, Puranas, poems, myths, legends of their saints, maxims and precepts,(85) we see that it inculcates love of our neighbour with complete renunciation of self-love; love generally, not confined to mankind, but including all living creatures; benevolence, even to the giving away of the hard-won wages of daily toil; unlimited patience towards all who injure us; the requital of all wickedness, however base, with goodness and love; voluntary and glad endurance of all ignominy; abstinence from all animal food; perfect chastity and renunciation of all sensual pleasure for him who strives after true holiness; the surrender of all possessions, the forsaking of every dwelling-place and of all relatives; deep unbroken solitude, spent in silent contemplation, with voluntary penance and terrible slow self-torture for the absolute mortification of the will, torture which extends to voluntary death by starvation, or by men giving themselves up to crocodiles, or flinging themselves over the sacred precipice in the Himalayas, or being buried alive, or, finally, by flinging themselves under the wheels of the huge car of an idol drawn along amid the singing, shouting, and dancing of bayaderes.
然而，当我们发现他们的道德教义在吠陀经、往世书、诗歌、神话、圣人的传说、格言和戒律中以各种方式和有力地表达时，（85）我们看到它灌输着对邻居的爱，同时完全放弃自爱。 ;爱是普遍的，不限于人类，而是包括一切生物；仁慈，甚至放弃日常辛劳来之不易的工资；对所有伤害我们的人有无限的耐心；一切邪恶，无论多么卑鄙，都会以善良和爱来报应；自愿并乐意忍受一切耻辱；戒除所有动物性食品；对于追求真正圣洁的人来说，是完美的贞洁和放弃一切感官享受；放弃所有财产，放弃每一个住所和所有亲属；深深的、不间断的孤独，在沉默的沉思中度过，伴随着自愿的忏悔和可怕的缓慢的自我折磨，以绝对抑制意志，这种折磨延伸到因饥饿而自愿死亡，或由男人将自己交给鳄鱼，或将自己投向神圣的圣地。喜马拉雅山的悬崖上，或者被活埋，或者最后，被扔进一辆偶像巨大汽车的轮子下，在舞者的歌声、喊叫和舞蹈中行驶。
And even yet these precepts, whose origin reaches back more than four thousand years, are carried out in practice, in some cases even to the utmost extreme,(86) and this notwithstanding the fact that the Hindu nation has been broken up into so many parts.
然而，这些戒律的起源可以追溯到四千多年前，但在实践中却得到了执行，在某些情况下甚至达到了最极端的程度，（86）尽管事实上印度教国家已经分裂成许多国家。部分。
A religion which demands the greatest sacrifices, and which has yet remained so long in practice in a nation that embraces so many millions of persons, cannot be an arbitrarily invented superstition, but must have its foundation in the nature of man.
一个需要最大牺牲的宗教，并且在一个拥有数百万人的国家中仍然长期存在，它不可能是一种随意发明的迷信，而必须以人的本性为基础。
But besides this, if we read the life of a Christian penitent or saint, and also that of a Hindu saint, we cannot sufficiently wonder at the harmony we find between them.
但除此之外，如果我们阅读基督教忏悔者或圣人的生活，以及印度教圣人的生活，我们对他们之间的和谐感到惊叹不已。
In the case of such radically different dogmas, customs, and circumstances, the inward life and effort of both is the same.
在教条、习俗和环境如此截然不同的情况下，两者的内心生活和努力是相同的。
And the same harmony prevails in the maxims prescribed for both of them.
为他们俩规定的格言也同样和谐。
For example, Tauler speaks of the absolute poverty which one ought to seek, and which consists in giving away and divesting oneself completely of everything from which one might draw comfort or worldly pleasure, clearly because all this constantly affords new nourishment to the will, which it is intended to destroy entirely.
例如，陶勒谈到一个人应该寻求的绝对贫困，它包括完全放弃和剥夺自己可以从中获得安慰或世俗快乐的一切，显然是因为这一切不断地为意志提供新的滋养，而它的目的是彻底摧毁。
And as an Indian counterpart of this, we find in the precepts of Fo that the Saniassi, who ought to be without a dwelling and entirely without property, is further finally enjoined not to lay himself down often under the same tree, lest he should acquire a preference or inclination for it above other trees.
作为印度的对应物，我们在佛的戒律中发现，萨尼亚西人应该没有住所，完全没有财产，最后还被禁止经常躺在同一棵树下，以免他获得财产。对它的偏好或倾向高于其他树木。
The Christian mystic and the teacher of the Vedanta philosophy agree in this respect also, they both regard all outward works and religious exercises as superfluous for him who has attained to perfection.
基督教神秘主义者和吠檀多哲学的老师在这方面也达成了一致，他们都认为所有外在的工作和宗教练习对于达到完美的人来说都是多余的。
So much agreement in the case of such different ages and nations is a practical proof that what is expressed here is not, as optimistic dulness likes to assert, an eccentricity and perversity of the mind, but an essential side of human nature, which only appears so rarely because of its excellence.
在如此不同的时代和国家中，如此多的一致意见是一个实际的证明，证明这里所表达的并不像乐观的迟钝者喜欢断言的那样，是一种思想的古怪和反常，而是人性的本质方面，它只是表现出来的。因其卓越而很少见。
 I have now indicated the sources from which there may be obtained a direct knowledge, drawn from life itself, of the phenomena in which the denial of the will to live exhibits itself.
我现在已经指出了可以从生活本身中获得直接知识的来源，这些知识来自于对生存意志的否定所表现出来的现象。
In some respects this is the most important point of our whole work; yet I have only explained it quite generally, for it is better to refer to those who speak from direct experience, than to increase the size of this book unduly by weak repetitions of what is said by them.
从某些方面来说，这是我们整个工作中最重要的一点；然而，我只是笼统地解释了这一点，因为最好参考那些根据直接经验发言的人，而不是通过微弱的重复他们所说的内容来过度增加本书的篇幅。
 I only wish to add a little to the general indication of the nature of this state.
我只想补充一点关于这种状态性质的一般说明。
We saw above that the wicked man, by the vehemence of his volition, suffers constant, consuming, inward pain, and finally, if all objects of volition are exhausted, quenches the fiery thirst of his self-will by the sight of the suffering of others.
我们在上面看到，恶人由于其强烈的意志，而遭受持续不断的、强烈的、内心的痛苦，最后，如果所有意志的目标都用尽了，他就会通过看到他人的痛苦来满足他自我意志的强烈渴求。其他的。
He, on the contrary, who has attained to the denial of the will to live, however poor, joyless, and full of privation his condition may appear when looked at externally, is yet filled with inward joy and the true peace of heaven.
相反，一个已经达到了否定生存意志的人，无论从外表上看他的处境多么贫穷、无喜乐、多么匮乏，但他却充满了内心的喜乐和天堂的真正平安。
It is not the restless strain of life, the jubilant delight which has keen suffering as its preceding or succeeding condition, in the experience of the man who loves life; but it is a peace that cannot be shaken, a deep rest and inward serenity, a state which we cannot behold without the greatest longing when it is brought before our eyes or our imagination, because we at once recognise it as that which alone is right, infinitely surpassing everything else, upon which our better self cries within us the great _sapere aude_.
它不是生活中焦躁不安的紧张，也不是热爱生活的人所体验到的以剧烈的痛苦为先导或后继条件的欢欣鼓舞；而是一种快乐。但它是一种不可动摇的平安，一种深度的休息和内心的平静，一种当它出现在我们眼前或我们的想象中时，我们无法不怀着最大的渴望看到的状态，因为我们立即认识到它是唯一正确的东西，无限超越其他一切，我们更好的自我在我们内心呼喊着伟大的_sapere aude_。
Then we feel that every gratification of our wishes won from the world is merely like the alms which the beggar receives from life to-day that he may hunger again on the morrow; resignation, on the contrary, is like an inherited estate, it frees the owner for ever from all care.
然后我们就会感到，我们从世界上获得的每一个愿望的满足，都只不过是乞丐今天从生活中得到的施舍，以便他明天可能再次挨饿。相反，辞职就像继承的财产，它使所有者永远摆脱一切照顾。
 It will be remembered from the Third Book that the æsthetic pleasure in the beautiful consists in great measure in the fact that in entering the state of pure contemplation we are lifted for the moment above all willing, _i.e._, all wishes and cares; we become, as it were, freed from ourselves.
从第三本书中我们会记得，美的审美愉悦在很大程度上在于这样一个事实：在进入纯粹沉思的状态时，我们暂时超越了所有的意愿，即所有的愿望和关心。 ;可以说，我们摆脱了自我。
We are no longer the individual whose knowledge is subordinated to the service of its constant willing, the correlative of the particular thing to which objects are motives, but the eternal subject of knowing purified from will, the correlative of the Platonic Idea.
我们不再是个体，其知识服从于其持续意志的服务，即对象是动机的特定事物的相关物，而是从意志中纯化出来的永恒的认识主体，柏拉图理念的相关物。
And we know that these moments in which, delivered from the ardent strain of will, we seem to rise out of the heavy atmosphere of earth, are the happiest which we experience.
我们知道，在这些时刻，我们摆脱了强烈的意志压力，似乎从地球的沉重气氛中升起，是我们经历过的最幸福的时刻。
From this we can understand how blessed the life of a man must be whose will is silenced, not merely for a moment, as in the enjoyment of the beautiful, but for ever, indeed altogether extinguished, except as regards the last glimmering spark that retains the body in life, and will be extinguished with its death.
由此我们可以理解，一个人的意志是多么幸福，他的意志不仅是在享受美丽的过程中暂时被压制，而且是永远的，甚至完全熄灭了，除了保留着最后一丝微光的火花。身体在生时，也将随着死亡而消灭。
Such a man, who, after many bitter struggles with his own nature, has finally conquered entirely, continues to exist only as a pure, knowing being, the undimmed mirror of the world.
这样一个人，在与自己的本性进行了多次艰苦的斗争之后，最终完全征服了自己，只作为一个纯粹的、有知性的存在，作为世界的不模糊的镜子继续存在。
Nothing can trouble him more, nothing can move him, for he has cut all the thousand cords of will which hold us bound to the world, and, as desire, fear, envy, anger, drag us hither and thither in constant pain.
没有什么能比这更困扰他，没有什么能打动他，因为他已经切断了所有将我们束缚在世界上的上千根意志绳索，而欲望、恐惧、嫉妒、愤怒则把我们拖来拖去，持续不断地痛苦着。
He now looks back smiling and at rest on the delusions of this world, which once were able to move and agonise his spirit also, but which now stand before him as utterly indifferent to him, as the chess-men when the game is ended, or as, in the morning, the cast-off masquerading dress which worried and disquieted us in a night in Carnival.
现在，他微笑着回首，对这个世界的幻觉感到休息，这些幻觉曾经也能够感动和折磨他的精神，但现在站在他面前，对他来说完全漠不关心，就像棋局结束时的棋子一样，或者，就像早上被丢弃的化装舞会礼服，它让我们在狂欢节的夜晚感到担忧和不安。
Life and its forms now pass before him as a fleeting illusion, as a light morning dream before half-waking eyes, the real world already shining through it so that it can no longer deceive; and like this morning dream, they finally vanish altogether without any violent transition.
现在，生命及其形式在他面前闪过，就像转瞬即逝的幻象，就像半醒的眼睛前的一场轻快的晨梦，现实世界已经透过它闪耀，因此它不再欺骗；就像这个早晨的梦一样，它们最终完全消失，没有任何剧烈的转变。
From this we can understand the meaning of Madame Guion when towards the end of her autobiography she often expresses herself thus: “Everything is alike to me; I _cannot_ will anything more: often I know not whether I exist or not.” In order to express how, after the extinction of the will, the death of the body (which is indeed only the manifestation of the will, and therefore loses all significance when the will is abolished) can no longer have any bitterness, but is very welcome, I may be allowed to quote the words of that holy penitent, although they are not very elegantly turned: “_Midi de la gloire; jour où il n’y a plus de nuit; vie qui ne craint plus la mort, dans la mort même: parceque la mort a vaincu la mort, et que celui qui a souffert la première mort, ne goutera plus la seconde mort_” (Vie de Mad.
由此我们可以理解吉安夫人的意思，她在自传的最后常常这样表达自己：“一切对我来说都是一样的；我_不能_想要更多：我常常不知道我是否存在。”为了表达在意志消亡之后，身体的死亡（实际上只是意志的表现，因此当意志废除时就失去了一切意义）如何不再有任何苦涩，而是很欢迎，我可能会被允许引用那位神圣忏悔者的话，尽管它们的转述不是很优雅：“_Midi de la gloire；_Midi de la gloire； jour où il n'y a plus de night； vie qui ne craint plus la mort, dans la mort même: parceque la mort a vaincu la mort, et que celui qui a souffert la première mort, ne goutera plus la secondary mort_” (Vie de Mad.
de Guion, vol.
德吉安，卷。
ii.
二.
p.
p。
13).
13）。
 We must not, however, suppose that when, by means of the knowledge which acts as a quieter of will, the denial of the will to live has once appeared, it never wavers or vacillates, and that we can rest upon it as on an assured possession.
然而，我们绝不能认为，当通过充当意志平静者的知识，对生存意志的否定一旦出现时，它就绝不会动摇或动摇，我们可以依靠它，就像依靠一个意志一样。保证拥有。
Rather, it must ever anew be attained by a constant battle.
相反，它必须通过不断的战斗才能重新获得。
For since the body is the will itself only in the form of objectivity or as manifestation in the world as idea, so long as the body lives, the whole will to live exists potentially, and constantly strives to become actual, and to burn again with all its ardour.
因为，既然身体只是以客观形式存在的意志本身，或者作为观念在世界上的表现，那么只要身体还活着，整个生存意志就潜在地存在着，并不断地努力成为现实，并再次燃烧。所有的热情。
Therefore that peace and blessedness in the life of holy men which we have described is only found as the flower which proceeds from the constant victory over the will, and the ground in which it grows is the constant battle with the will to live, for no one can have lasting peace upon earth.
因此，我们所描述的圣人生活中的平安与幸福只能在不断战胜意志的过程中才能找到，而它生长的土壤就是与生存意志的不断斗争，因为没有人们可以在地球上拥有持久的和平。
We therefore see the histories of the inner life of saints full of spiritual conflicts, temptations, and absence of grace, _i.e._, the kind of knowledge which makes all motives ineffectual, and as an universal quieter silences all volition, gives the deepest peace and opens the door of freedom.
因此，我们看到圣徒内心生活的历史充满了精神冲突、诱惑和恩典的缺乏，也就是说，这种知识使所有动机都无效，并且作为一种普遍的安静者压制了所有意志，赋予了最深的平静并打开自由之门。
Therefore also we see those who have once attained to the denial of the will to live strive with all their might to keep upon this path, by enforced renunciation of every kind, by penance and severity of life, and by selecting whatever is disagreeable to them, all in order to suppress the will, which is constantly springing up anew.
因此，我们也看到那些一旦达到了否定生存意志的人，就会竭尽全力地坚持走这条道路，通过各种强制的放弃，通过苦行和严格的生活，并通过选择任何对他们来说不愉快的事情。 ，一切都是为了压制不断重新涌现的意志。
Hence, finally, because they already know the value of salvation, their anxious carefulness to retain the hard-won blessing, their scruples of conscience about every innocent pleasure, or about every little excitement of their vanity, which here also dies last, the most immovable, the most active, and the most foolish of all the inclinations of man.
因此，最后，因为他们已经知道救恩的价值，他们焦急地小心翼翼地保留来之不易的祝福，他们对每一种无辜的快乐或他们的虚荣心的每一个小兴奋的良心顾忌，而虚荣心在这里也是最后死去的，是最重要的。在人类的所有倾向中，它是不可动摇的、最活跃的、也是最愚蠢的。
By the term _asceticism_, which I have used so often, I mean in its narrower sense this _intentional_ breaking of the will by the refusal of what is agreeable and the selection of what is disagreeable, the voluntarily chosen life of penance and self-chastisement for the continual mortification of the will.
我经常使用的“禁欲主义”一词，在其狭义上是指这种通过拒绝宜人的事物和选择不宜的事物而“故意”破坏意志，自愿选择苦修和自我惩罚的生活。意志的持续抑制。
 We see this practised by him who has attained to the denial of the will in order to enable him to persist in it; but suffering in general, as it is inflicted by fate, is a second way (δευτερος πλους(87)) of attaining to that denial.
我们看到，达到否定意志的人会这样做，以便能够坚持下去。但一般而言，命运所造成的苦难是实现这一否认的第二种方式（δευτερος πλους(87)）。
Indeed, we may assume that most men only attain to it in this way, and that it is the suffering which is personally experienced, not that which is merely known, which most frequently produces complete resignation, often only at the approach of death.
事实上，我们可以假设，大多数人只能通过这种方式获得这种痛苦，而正是亲身经历的痛苦，而不是仅仅知道的痛苦，最常导致彻底的放弃，通常只有在死亡临近时才会产生彻底的放弃。
For only in the case of a few is the mere knowledge which, seeing through the _principium individuationis_, first produces perfect goodness of disposition and universal love of humanity, and finally enables them to regard all the suffering of the world as their own; only in the case of a few, I say, is this knowledge sufficient to bring about the denial of the will.
因为只有在少数人的情况下，纯粹的知识，通过个人原则，首先产生完美的善良性情和对人类的博爱，并最终使他们能够将世界上的所有苦难视为自己的苦难；我说，只有在少数人的情况下，这种知识才足以导致意志的否定。
Even with him who approaches this point, it is almost invariably the case that the tolerable condition of his own body, the flattery of the moment, the delusion of hope, and the satisfaction of the will, which is ever presenting itself anew, _i.e._, lust, is a constant hindrance to the denial of the will, and a constant temptation to the renewed assertion of it.
即使对于接近这一点的人来说，情况几乎总是如此，他自己的身体状况还算可以，一时的奉承，希望的幻觉，以及不断重新出现的意志的满足，_i。例如，欲望，是对意志的否定的持续障碍，也是对意志的重新主张的持续诱惑。
Therefore in this respect all these illusions have been personified as the devil.
因此，在这方面，所有这些幻象都被人格化为魔鬼。
Thus in most cases the will must be broken by great personal suffering before its self-conquest appears.
因此，在大多数情况下，在自我征服出现之前，意志必须被巨大的个人痛苦所摧毁。
Then we see the man who has passed through all the increasing degrees of affliction with the most vehement resistance, and is finally brought to the verge of despair, suddenly retire into himself, know himself and the world, change his whole nature, rise above himself and all suffering, as if purified and sanctified by it, in inviolable peace, blessedness, and sublimity, willingly renounce everything he previously desired with all his might, and joyfully embrace death.
然后我们看到一个人以最激烈的抵抗经历了越来越多的痛苦，最后被带到了绝望的边缘，突然退缩到自己身上，认识自己和世界，改变他的整个本性，超越自己所有的痛苦，仿佛都被它净化和神圣化，在不可侵犯的平安、幸福和崇高中，心甘情愿地放弃他以前所渴望的一切，并欣然拥抱死亡。
It is the refined silver of the denial of the will to live that suddenly comes forth from the purifying flame of suffering.
它是从痛苦的净化火焰中突然出现的、拒绝生存意志的精炼银。
It is salvation.
这是救赎。
Sometimes we see even those who were very wicked purified to this degree by great grief; they have become new beings and are completely changed.
有时我们甚至看到那些非常邪恶的人也因巨大的悲伤而净化到这种程度。他们已经成为新的存在，并且完全改变了。
Therefore their former misdeeds trouble their consciences no more, yet they willingly atone for them by death, and gladly see the end of the manifestation of that will which is now foreign to them and abhorred by them.
因此，他们以前的恶行不再困扰他们的良心，但他们愿意以死来赎罪，并高兴地看到现在对他们来说陌生和憎恶的意志的表现的结束。
The great Goethe has given us a distinct and visible representation of this denial of the will, brought about by great misfortunes and despair of all deliverance, in his immortal masterpiece “Faust,” in the story of the sufferings of Gretchen.
伟大的歌德在他的不朽杰作《浮士德》中，在格雷琴的苦难故事中，为我们清楚而明显地描绘了这种由巨大不幸和对一切解脱的绝望所带来的对意志的否定。
I know no parallel to this in poetry.
我不知道诗歌中有什么可与此相提并论的。
It is a perfect example of the second path that leads to the denial of the will, not, as the first, through the mere knowledge of the sufferings of a whole world which one has voluntarily acquired, but through excessive suffering experienced in one’s own person.
这是第二条道路的一个完美例子，它导致对意志的否定，不像第一条那样，仅仅通过一个人自愿获得的整个世界的痛苦的知识，而是通过一个人自己经历的过度痛苦。
Many tragedies certainly end by conducting their strong-willed heroes to the point of entire resignation, and then generally the will to live and its manifestation end together, but no representation that is known to me brings what is essential to that change so distinctly before us, free from all that is extraneous, as the part of “Faust” I have referred to.
许多悲剧的结局当然是让意志坚强的英雄完全屈服，然后一般来说，生存意愿及其表现会一起结束，但据我所知，没有任何一种表现形式能如此清晰地向我们展示这种变化的本质。 ，摆脱一切无关的东西，正如我提到的“浮士德”的部分。
 In actual life we see that those unfortunate persons who have to drink to the dregs the greatest cup of suffering, since when all hope is taken from them they have to face with full consciousness a shameful, violent, and often painful death on the scaffold, are very frequently changed in this way.
在现实生活中，我们看到那些不幸的人不得不喝尽最大的痛苦，因为当他们所有的希望都被剥夺时，他们必须全神贯注地面对可耻的、暴力的、常常是痛苦的绞刑架上的死亡，经常以这种方式改变。
We must not indeed assume that there is so great a difference between their character and that of most men as their fate would seem to indicate, but must attribute the latter for the most part to circumstances; yet they are guilty and to a considerable degree bad.
我们确实不能假设他们的性格与大多数人的性格之间存在如此大的差异，正如他们的命运所表明的那样，而必须将后者大部分归因于环境；然而他们是有罪的，而且在相当程度上是坏的。
We see, however, many of them, when they have entirely lost hope, changed in the way referred to.
然而，我们看到他们中的许多人，当他们完全失去希望时，就按照所提到的方式发生了改变。
They now show actual goodness and purity of disposition, true abhorrence of doing any act in the least degree bad or unkind.
他们现在表现出真正的善良和纯洁的性情，真正憎恶做任何最轻微的坏事或不仁慈的行为。
They forgive their enemies, even if it is through them that they innocently suffer; and not with words merely and a sort of hypocritical fear of the judges of the lower world, but in reality and with inward earnestness and no desire for revenge.
他们宽恕他们的敌人，即使他们无辜地因敌人而受苦；不是仅仅用言语和对下层世界的法官的一种虚伪的恐惧，而是在现实中，带着内心的真诚和没有复仇的欲望。
Indeed, their sufferings and death at last becomes dear to them, for the denial of the will to live has appeared; they often decline the deliverance when it is offered, and die gladly, peacefully, and happily.
事实上，他们的痛苦和死亡最终变得珍贵起来，因为生存意愿的被否定已经出现了。当有人提出拯救时，他们常常拒绝，并高兴地、平静地、幸福地死去。
To them the last secret of life has revealed itself in their excessive pain; the secret that misery and wickedness, sorrow and hate, the sufferer and the inflicter of suffering, however different they may appear to the knowledge which follows the principle of sufficient reason, are in themselves one, the manifestation of that one will to live which objectifies its conflict with itself by means of the _principium individuationis_.
对他们来说，生命最后的秘密在他们过度的痛苦中显露出来。这个秘密是，苦难与邪恶、悲伤与仇恨、受苦者与加害者，无论在遵循充足理由原则的知识看来多么不同，它们本身都是一体的，是一种将客观化的生存意志的表现。它通过_个体化原则_与自身发生冲突。
They have learned to know both sides in full measure, the badness and the misery; and since at last they see the identity of the two, they reject them both at once; they deny the will to live.
他们学会了充分了解双方的坏处和痛苦；由于最后他们看清了两人的身份，他们立即拒绝了他们。他们否认生存的意愿。
In what myths and dogmas they account to their reason for this intuitive and direct knowledge and for their own change is, as has been said, a matter of no importance.
正如前面所说，他们用什么神话和教条来解释这种直观和直接的知识以及他们自己的变化的原因并不重要。
 Matthias Claudius must without doubt have witnessed a change of mind of this description when he wrote the remarkable essay in the “Wandsbecker Boten” (pt.
当马蒂亚斯·克劳迪乌斯在《Wandsbecker Boten》（第 17 章）中写下这篇非凡的文章时，他肯定目睹了这种描述的思想变化。
i.
我。
p.
p。
115) with the title “Bekehrungsgeschichte des ***” (“History of the Conversion of ***”), which concludes thus: “Man’s way of thinking may pass from one point of the periphery to the opposite point, and again back to the former point, if circumstances mark out for him the path.
115），标题为“Bekehrungsgeschichte des ***”（“***转变的历史”），其结论是：“人的思维方式可能从外围的一个点转移到相反的点，然后再返回如果情况为他指明了道路，那么他就可以达到前一点。
And these changes in a man are really nothing great or interesting, but that _remarkable, catholic, transcendental change_ in which the whole circle is irreparably broken up and all the laws of psychology become vain and empty when the coat is stripped from the shoulders, or at least turned outside in, and as it were scales fall from a man’s eyes, is such that every one who has breath in his nostrils forsakes father and mother if he can hear or experience something certain about it.”  The approach of death and hopelessness are in other respects not absolutely necessary for such a purification through suffering.
一个人身上的这些变化实际上并不是什么伟大或有趣的事情，而是那种“非凡的、普遍的、超验的变化”，当外套从肩膀上被剥去时，整个循环就被不可挽回地打破了，所有的心理法则都变得虚荣和空洞，或者至少从外向内，就像鳞片从人的眼睛里掉下来一样，每个鼻孔里有呼吸的人如果能听到或体验到某些确定的事情，就会抛弃父母。”在其他方面，死亡和绝望的临近对于这种通过痛苦的净化来说并不是绝对必要的。
Even without them the knowledge of the contradiction of the will to live with itself can, through great misfortune and pain, force an entrance, and the vanity of all striving become recognised.
即使没有它们，对与自身共存的意志的矛盾的认识也可以通过巨大的不幸和痛苦强行进入，并且所有努力的虚荣都会被认识到。
Hence it has often happened that men who have led a very restless life in the full strain of the passions, kings, heroes, and adventurers, suddenly change, betake themselves to resignation and penance, become hermits or monks.
因此，经常会发生这样的情况：那些在激情的压力下过着焦躁不安的生活的人，如国王、英雄和冒险家，突然改变，投身于逆来顺受和苦修，成为隐士或僧侣。
To this class belong all true accounts of conversions; for example, that of Raymond Lully, who had long wooed a fair lady, and was at last admitted to her chamber, anticipating the fulfilment of all his wishes, when she, opening her bodice, showed him her bosom frightfully eaten with cancer.
所有真实的皈依记述都属于这一类。例如，雷蒙德·卢利（Raymond Lully）的故事，他长期以来一直在追求一位美丽的女士，最后被允许进入她的房间，期待着他所有愿望的实现，当她打开她的紧身胸衣，向他展示她被癌症可怕地吞噬的胸部时。
From that moment, as if he had looked into hell, he was changed; he forsook the court of the king of Majorca, and went into the desert to do penance.(88) This conversion is very like that of the Abbé Rancé, which I have briefly related in the 48th chapter of the Supplement.
从那一刻起，他就像看到了地狱一样，变了；他放弃了马略卡岛国王的宫廷，进入沙漠进行忏悔。(88) 这种皈依与朗塞神父的皈依非常相似，我在补遗第 48 章中对此进行了简要介绍。
If we consider how in both cases the transition from the pleasure to the horror of life was the occasion of it, this throws some light upon the remarkable fact that it is among the French, the most cheerful, gay, sensuous, and frivolous nation in Europe, that by far the strictest of all monastic orders, the Trappists, arose, was re-established by Rancé after its fall, and has maintained itself to the present day in all its purity and strictness, in spite of revolutions, Church reformations, and encroachments of infidelity.
如果我们考虑一下在这两种情况下，生活从快乐到恐惧的转变是如何发生的，这就揭示了一个值得注意的事实：法国是世界上最快乐、最快乐、最感性、最轻浮的民族。欧洲，迄今为止所有修道院中最严格的修道会特拉普派兴起了，在其垮台后由朗塞重建，尽管发生了革命、教会改革、和不忠的侵犯。
 But a knowledge such as that referred to above of the nature of this existence may leave us again along with the occasion of it and the will to live, and with it the previous character may reappear.
但是，诸如上面提到的关于这种存在的本质的知识可能会连同它的场合和生存的意愿一起再次离开我们，并且先前的特征可能会重新出现。
Thus we see that the passionate Benvenuto Cellini was changed in this way, once when he was in prison, and again when very ill; but when the suffering passed over, he fell back again into his old state.
由此我们看到，充满激情的本韦努托·切利尼发生了这样的变化，一次是在监狱里，一次是在病重时；但当痛苦过去后，他又回到原来的状态。
In general, the denial of the will to live by no means proceeds from suffering with the necessity of an effect from its cause, but the will remains free; for this is indeed the one point at which its freedom appears directly in the phenomenon; hence the astonishment which Asmus expresses so strongly at the “transcendental change.” In the case of every suffering, it is always possible to conceive a will which exceeds it in intensity and is therefore unconquered by it.
一般而言，对生存意志的否定绝不是源于痛苦，其原因必然产生结果，但意志仍然是自由的。因为这确实是其自由直接出现在现象中的一点；因此，阿斯穆斯对“超验的变化”表达了如此强烈的惊讶。在每一种痛苦的情况下，总是有可能孕育出一种在强度上超过它的意志，因此不会被它征服。
Thus Plato speaks in the “Phædon” of men who up to the moment of their execution feast, drink, and indulge in sensuous pleasure, asserting life even to the death.
因此，柏拉图在《斐冬》中谈到，直到被处决的那一刻，人们都在享受盛宴、饮酒和沉迷于感官享受，甚至至死也坚持生命。
Shakespeare shows us in Cardinal Beaufort the fearful end of a profligate, who dies full of despair, for no suffering or death can break his will, which is vehement to the extreme of wickedness.(89)  The more intense the will is, the more glaring is the conflict of its manifestation, and thus the greater is the suffering.
莎士比亚在《红衣主教博福特》中向我们展示了一个挥霍无度的人的可怕结局，他在绝望中死去，因为任何痛苦或死亡都无法摧毁他的意志，他的意志是激烈到邪恶的极端。(89)意志越强烈，他的意志就越强烈。其表现的冲突是显而易见的，因而痛苦也更大。
A world which was the manifestation of a far more intense will to live than this world manifests would produce so much the greater suffering; would thus be a hell.
一个比这个世界所表现出的更强烈的生存意志的世界会产生更大的痛苦。因此将是一个地狱。
 All suffering, since it is a mortification and a call to resignation, has potentially a sanctifying power.
所有的苦难，因为它是一种屈辱和对顺服的呼唤，都具有潜在的神圣力量。
This is the explanation of the fact that every great misfortune or deep pain inspires a certain awe.
这就是对每一次巨大的不幸或深深的痛苦都会激发一定的敬畏这一事实的解释。
But the sufferer only really becomes an object of reverence when, surveying the course of his life as a chain of sorrows, or mourning some great and incurable misfortune, he does not really look at the special combination of circumstances which has plunged his own life into suffering, nor stops at the single great misfortune that has befallen him; for in so doing his knowledge still follows the principle of sufficient reason, and clings to the particular phenomenon; he still wills life only not under the conditions which have happened to him; but only then, I say, he is truly worthy of reverence when he raises his glance from the particular to the universal, when he regards his suffering as merely an example of the whole, and for him, since in a moral regard he partakes of genius, one case stands for a thousand, so that the whole of life conceived as essentially suffering brings him to resignation.
但是，只有当受难者将自己的一生视为一连串的悲伤，或者哀悼某些巨大且无法治愈的不幸时，他才真正成为受人尊敬的对象，而他并没有真正看到使自己的生活陷入困境的特殊环境组合。受苦，也不会止步于降临在他身上的单一的巨大不幸；因为在这样做时，他的知识仍然遵循充足理由的原则，并坚持特定的现象。他仍然只希望生活不符合发生在他身上的情况；但只有那时，我说，当他将目光从特殊转向普遍时，当他将自己的苦难视为整体的一个例子时，他才真正值得尊敬，因为在道德方面，他参与了天才，一案代表千案，因此被视为本质上受苦的整个生命使他屈服。
Therefore it inspires reverence when in Goethe’s “Torquato Tasso” the princess speaks of how her own life and that of her relations has always been sad and joyless, and yet regards the matter from an entirely universal point of view.
因此，当歌德的《托夸托·塔索》中，公主谈到她自己和她的亲戚们的生活一直是悲伤和无趣的，但却从一个完全普遍的角度看待这件事时，它激起了人们的崇敬。
 A very noble character we always imagine with a certain trace of quiet sadness, which is anything but a constant fretfulness at daily annoyances (this would be an ignoble trait, and lead us to fear a bad disposition), but is a consciousness derived from knowledge of the vanity of all possessions, of the suffering of all life, not merely of his own.
我们总是想象一种非常崇高的品格，带着一丝安静的悲伤，这绝不是对日常烦恼的持续烦躁（这将是一种不光彩的品质，并导致我们害怕不良性格），而是一种源自知识的意识所有财产的虚空，所有生命的痛苦，而不仅仅是他自己的痛苦。
But such knowledge may primarily be awakened by the personal experience of suffering, especially some one great sorrow, as a single unfulfilled wish brought Petrarch to that state of resigned sadness concerning the whole of life which appeals to us so pathetically in his works; for the Daphne he pursued had to flee from his hands in order to leave him, instead of herself, the immortal laurel.
但这样的认识可能主要是通过个人的痛苦经历，特别是某种巨大的悲伤来唤醒的，因为一个未实现的愿望使彼特拉克对整个生活产生了一种听天由命的悲伤状态，这在他的作品中如此可怜地吸引着我们；因为他所追寻的达芙妮必须逃离他的手中，才能把不朽的桂冠留给他，而不是她自己。
When through some such great and irrevocable denial of fate the will is to some extent broken, almost nothing else is desired, and the character shows itself mild, just, noble, and resigned.
当经历了如此巨大的、不可挽回的对命运的否定时，意志在某种程度上被摧毁了，几乎没有其他的愿望，而性格则表现出温和、公正、高贵和顺从。
When, finally, grief has no definite object, but extends itself over the whole of life, then it is to a certain extent a going into itself, a withdrawal, a gradual disappearance of the will, whose visible manifestation, the body, it imperceptibly but surely undermines, so that a man feels a certain loosening of his bonds, a mild foretaste of that death which promises to be the abolition at once of the body and of the will.
最后，当悲伤没有明确的对象，而是延伸到整个生命时，那么在某种程度上，它就是一种意志的进入、退缩、逐渐消失，而意志的可见表现形式，即身体，不知不觉地消失了。但肯定会破坏，使人感觉到束缚的某种放松，一种对死亡的温和预尝，死亡承诺立即废除身体和意志。
Therefore a secret pleasure accompanies this grief, and it is this, as I believe, which the most melancholy of all nations has called “the joy of grief.” But here also lies the danger of _sentimentality_, both in life itself and in the representation of it in poetry; when a man is always mourning and lamenting without courageously rising to resignation.
因此，这种悲伤伴随着一种秘密的快乐，据我相信，这就是所有民族中最忧郁的人所说的“悲伤之乐”。但这里也存在着“多愁善感”的危险，无论是在生活本身还是在诗歌的表现中。当一个人总是在哀悼和哀叹而没有勇敢地辞职时。
In this way we lose both earth and heaven, and retain merely a watery sentimentality.
这样我们就失去了天地，只剩下一片水汪汪的感伤。
Only if suffering assumes the form of pure knowledge, and this, acting as a _quieter of the will_, brings about resignation, is it worthy of reverence.
只有当痛苦呈现出纯粹知识的形式，并且作为一种“意志的平静”，带来顺从时，它才值得尊敬。
In this regard, however, we feel a certain respect at the sight of every great sufferer which is akin to the feeling excited by virtue and nobility of character, and also seems like a reproach of our own happy condition.
然而，就这一点而言，我们在看到每一个伟大的受难者时都会感到某种敬意，这种敬意类似于美德和高尚品格所激发的感觉，也似乎是对我们自己幸福处境的责备。
We cannot help regarding every sorrow, both our own and those of others, as at least a potential advance towards virtue and holiness, and, on the contrary, pleasures and worldly satisfactions as a retrogression from them.
我们情不自禁地将每一种悲伤，无论是我们自己的还是他人的悲伤，至少视为迈向美德和圣洁的潜在进步，相反，将快乐和世俗的满足视为它们的倒退。
This goes so far, that every man who endures a great bodily or mental suffering, indeed every one who merely performs some physical labour which demands the greatest exertion, in the sweat of his brow and with evident exhaustion, yet with patience and without murmuring, every such man, I say, if we consider him with close attention, appears to us like a sick man who tries a painful cure, and who willingly, and even with satisfaction, endures the suffering it causes him, because he knows that the more he suffers the more the cause of his disease is affected, and that therefore the present suffering is the measure of his cure.
到目前为止，每一个忍受巨大的身体或精神痛苦的人，实际上是每一个仅仅从事一些需要最大努力的体力劳动的人，他额头流汗，明显疲惫不堪，但仍然有耐心，没有抱怨，我说，如果我们仔细观察的话，每一个这样的人在我们看来都像一个病人，他试图尝试一种痛苦的治疗方法，并且心甘情愿地、甚至心满意足地忍受它给他带来的痛苦，因为他知道，越痛苦，他就越痛苦。他的病因受到影响越多，他就越痛苦，因此，目前的痛苦就是他治愈的标准。
 According to what has been said, the denial of the will to live, which is just what is called absolute, entire resignation, or holiness, always proceeds from that quieter of the will which the knowledge of its inner conflict and essential vanity, expressing themselves in the suffering of all living things, becomes.
根据我们所说的，对生存意志的否定，也就是所谓的绝对的、完全的放弃或神圣，总是来自于更安静的意志，这种意志知道其内在的冲突和本质的虚荣，表达自己一切众生受苦，皆成。
The difference, which we have represented as two paths, consists in whether that knowledge is called up by suffering which is merely and purely _known_, and is freely appropriated by means of the penetration of the _principium individuationis_, or by suffering which is directly _felt_ by a man himself.
我们将其表示为两条路径，其区别在于，知识是否是由纯粹已知的痛苦所唤起，并通过个体化原则的渗透而自由地运用，还是由直接“感受到”的痛苦所唤起。一个人自己。
True salvation, deliverance from life and suffering, cannot even be imagined without complete denial of the will.
如果不完全否定意志，甚至无法想象真正的拯救，从生命和痛苦中解脱出来。
Till then, every one is simply this will itself, whose manifestation is an ephemeral existence, a constantly vain and empty striving, and the world full of suffering we have represented, to which all irrevocably and in like manner belong.
到那时，每个人都只是这个意志本身，它的表现是一种短暂的存在，一种不断徒劳而空虚的奋斗，以及我们所代表的充满痛苦的世界，所有人都不可逆转地以同样的方式属于这个世界。
For we found above that life is always assured to the will to live, and its one real form is the present, from which they can never escape, since birth and death reign in the phenomenal world.
因为我们在上文中发现，生命总是由生存意志所保证，而它的一种真实形式就是当下，他们永远无法逃避当下，因为生与死统治着现象世界。
The Indian mythus expresses this by saying “they are born again.” The great ethical difference of character means this, that the bad man is infinitely far from the attainment of the knowledge from which the denial of the will proceeds, and therefore he is in truth _actually_ exposed to all the miseries which appear in life as _possible_; for even the present fortunate condition of his personality is merely a phenomenon produced by the _principium individuationis_, and a delusion of Mâyâ, the happy dream of a beggar.
印度神话通过“他们重生”来表达这一点。性格上的巨大道德差异意味着，坏人距离获得知识（从知识中否定意志）的成就无限遥远，因此，他实际上_实际上_暴露于生活中_可能_出现的所有痛苦；因为，即使是他目前幸运的人格状况，也只不过是个体化原理所产生的一种现象，是玛雅的错觉，是一个乞丐的幸福梦想。
The sufferings which in the vehemence and ardour of his will he inflicts upon others are the measure of the suffering, the experience of which in his own person cannot break his will, and plainly lead it to the denial of itself.
他以强烈和热情的意志强加给别人的痛苦是痛苦的尺度，他自己所经历的这种痛苦不能摧毁他的意志，也不能明显地导致他的意志的否定。
All true and pure love, on the other hand, and even all free justice, proceed from the penetration of the _principium individuationis_, which, if it appears with its full power, results in perfect sanctification and salvation, the phenomenon of which is the state of resignation described above, the unbroken peace which accompanies it, and the greatest delight in death.(90)  § 69.
另一方面，所有真实而纯洁的爱，甚至所有自由正义，都源于个人原则的渗透，如果它以其全部力量出现，就会导致完美的成圣和救赎，其现象就是国家上述的顺从、随之而来的不间断的平静以及死亡的最大乐趣。(90) § 69。
Suicide, the actual doing away with the individual manifestation of will, differs most widely from the denial of the will to live, which is the single outstanding act of free-will in the manifestation, and is therefore, as Asmus calls it, the transcendental change.
自杀，即实际消除个人意志的表现，与否认生存意志有很大不同，后者是自由意志表现中唯一突出的行为，因此，正如阿斯穆斯所说，自杀是先验的。改变。
This last has been fully considered in the course of our work.
我们在工作过程中充分考虑到了这一点。
Far from being denial of the will, suicide is a phenomenon of strong assertion of will; for the essence of negation lies in this, that the joys of life are shunned, not its sorrows.
自杀绝不是对意志的否定，而是一种强烈主张意志的现象。因为否定的本质在于，回避生活的欢乐，而不是回避生活的悲伤。
The suicide wills life, and is only dissatisfied with the conditions under which it has presented itself to him.
自杀者渴望生命，只是对生命呈现在他面前的条件不满意。
He therefore by no means surrenders the will to live, but only life, in that he destroys the individual manifestation.
因此，他绝不放弃生存的意志，而只是放弃生命，因为他摧毁了个体的表现。
He wills life—wills the unrestricted existence and assertion of the body; but the complication of circumstances does not allow this, and there results for him great suffering.
他愿意生命——愿意身体不受限制的存在和主张；但复杂的情况不允许这样做，结果给他带来了巨大的痛苦。
The very will to live finds itself so much hampered in this particular manifestation that it cannot put forth its energies.
生存的意愿发现自己在这种特殊的表现中受到如此严重的阻碍，以至于无法发挥其能量。
It therefore comes to such a determination as is in conformity with its own nature, which lies outside the conditions of the principle of sufficient reason, and to which, therefore, all particular manifestations are alike indifferent, inasmuch as it itself remains unaffected by all appearing and passing away, and is the inner life of all things; for that firm inward assurance by reason of which we all live free from the constant dread of death, the assurance that a phenomenal existence can never be wanting to the will, supports our action even in the case of suicide.
因此，它达到了符合其自身性质的决定，这种决定超出了充足理由原则的条件，因此，所有特定的表现形式都对它无关紧要，因为它本身不受所有出现的事物的影响。逝去，是万物的内在生命；因为这种坚定的内心保证使我们所有人都摆脱了对死亡的持续恐惧，保证了现象的存在永远不会缺乏意志，即使在自杀的情况下也支持我们的行动。
Thus the will to live appears just as much in suicide (Siva) as in the satisfaction of self-preservation (Vishnu) and in the sensual pleasure of procreation (Brahma).
因此，生存意志在自杀（湿婆）、自我保护的满足（毗湿奴）和生育的感官愉悦（梵天）中同样出现。
This is the inner meaning of the unity of the Trimurtis, which is embodied in its entirety in every human being, though in time it raises now one, now another, of its three heads.
这就是三位一体的统一的内在意义，它完整地体现在每个人身上，尽管随着时间的推移，它的三个头中时而一个，时而另一个。
Suicide stands in the same relation to the denial of the will as the individual thing does to the Idea.
自杀与否定意志的关系，就像个体事物与理念的关系一样。
The suicide denies only the individual, not the species.
自杀只是否定了个人，而不是物种。
We have already seen that as life is always assured to the will to live, and as sorrow is inseparable from life, suicide, the wilful destruction of the single phenomenal existence, is a vain and foolish act; for the thing-in-itself remains unaffected by it, even as the rainbow endures however fast the drops which support it for the moment may change.
我们已经看到，由于生命总是取决于生存的意愿，而悲伤与生命密不可分，因此自杀，即故意破坏单一现象的存在，是一种徒劳而愚蠢的行为；因为事物本身不会受到它的影响，即使彩虹能够忍受，无论支撑它的水滴改变得有多快。
But, more than this, it is also the masterpiece of Mâyâ, as the most flagrant example of the contradiction of the will to live with itself.
但不仅如此，它也是玛雅的杰作，是与自身相处的意志的矛盾的最明目张胆的例子。
As we found this contradiction in the case of the lowest manifestations of will, in the permanent struggle of all the forces of nature, and of all organic individuals for matter and time and space; and as we saw this antagonism come ever more to the front with terrible distinctness in the ascending grades of the objectification of the will, so at last in the highest grade, the Idea of man, it reaches the point at which, not only the individuals which express the same Idea extirpate each other, but even the same individual declares war against itself.
正如我们在最低的意志表现中，在所有自然力量以及所有有机个体对物质、时间和空间的持久斗争中发现的这种矛盾一样；正如我们所看到的，这种对立在意志客体化的上升阶段中以可怕的明显性越来越突出，最终在最高的阶段，即人的理念，它达到了这样的程度：不仅个人表达相同理念的人会互相消灭，但即使是同一个人也会向自己宣战。
The vehemence with which it wills life, and revolts against what hinders it, namely, suffering, brings it to the point of destroying itself; so that the individual will, by its own act, puts an end to that body which is merely its particular visible expression, rather than permit suffering to break the will.
它对生命的强烈渴望，以及对阻碍生命的事物（即痛苦）的反抗，使它达到了自我毁灭的地步。因此，个人意志通过自己的行为，终结了身体，而身体只是其特定的可见表达，而不是让痛苦摧毁意志。
Just because the suicide cannot give up willing, he gives up living.
正因为自杀不能放弃意愿，他才放弃了生活。
The will asserts itself here even in putting an end to its own manifestation, because it can no longer assert itself otherwise.
意志在这里甚至在结束其自身的表现时也发挥了自己的作用，因为否则它就无法再发挥自己的作用。
As, however, it was just the suffering which it so shuns that was able, as mortification of the will, to bring it to the denial of itself, and hence to freedom, so in this respect the suicide is like a sick man, who, after a painful operation which would entirely cure him has been begun, will not allow it to be completed, but prefers to retain his disease.
然而，正是因为它如此回避的痛苦，才能够作为意志的克制，使人否定自身，从而获得自由，所以在这方面，自杀就像一个病人，他在开始了一场可以完全治愈他的痛苦手术之后，他不允许手术完成，而是宁愿保留他的疾病。
Suffering approaches and reveals itself as the possibility of the denial of will; but the will rejects it, in that it destroys the body, the manifestation of itself, in order that it may remain unbroken.
苦难逼近，并以否定意志的可能性显现出来。但意志拒绝它，因为它摧毁了身体，即它自身的表现，以便它保持完整。
This is the reason why almost all ethical teachers, whether philosophical or religious, condemn suicide, although they themselves can only give far-fetched sophistical reasons for their opinion.
这就是为什么几乎所有的道德教师，无论是哲学的还是宗教的，都谴责自杀，尽管他们自己只能为自己的观点给出牵强的诡辩理由。
But if a human being was ever restrained from committing suicide by purely moral motives, the inmost meaning of this self-conquest (in whatever ideas his reason may have clothed it) was this: “I will not shun suffering, in order that it may help to put an end to the will to live, whose manifestation is so wretched, by so strengthening the knowledge of the real nature of the world which is already beginning to dawn upon me, that it may become the final quieter of my will, and may free me for ever.”  It is well known that from time to time cases occur in which the act of suicide extends to the children.
但是，如果一个人曾因纯粹的道德动机而被禁止自杀，那么这种自我征服的最内在意义（无论他的理性如何表达）就是这样的：“我不会回避痛苦，因为它可以使人摆脱痛苦。”通过加强对世界真实本质的了解，帮助结束生存意志，它的表现是如此悲惨，这已经开始在我身上开始显现，它可能成为我意志的最终平静，并且可能会永远释放我。”众所周知，儿童自杀的案例时有发生。
The father first kills the children he loves, and then himself.
父亲首先杀死了他所爱的孩子，然后杀死了他自己。
Now, if we consider that conscience, religion, and all influencing ideas teach him to look upon murder as the greatest of crimes, and that, in spite of this, he yet commits it, in the hour of his own death, and when he is altogether uninfluenced by any egotistical motive, such a deed can only be explained in the following manner: in this case, the will of the individual, the father, recognises itself immediately in the children, though involved in the delusion of mistaking the appearance for the true nature; and as he is at the same time deeply impressed with the knowledge of the misery of all life, he now thinks to put an end to the inner nature itself, along with the appearance, and thus seeks to deliver from existence and its misery both himself and his children, in whom he discerns himself as living again.
现在，如果我们考虑到良心、宗教和所有影响的观念教导他将谋杀视为最大的罪行，并且尽管如此，他仍然犯下了这一罪行，在他自己死亡的时刻，当他完全不受任何自私动机的影响，这样的行为只能用以下方式来解释：在这种情况下，个人，即父亲的意志，立即在孩子们身上认识到自己，尽管涉及到将外表误认为是孩子的错觉。真实的本质；同时，由于他对所有生命的痛苦的认识印象深刻，他现在想结束内在本质本身以及外表，从而寻求将自己从存在及其痛苦中解救出来。和他的孩子们，他在他们身上看到自己又活了。
It would be an error precisely analogous to this to suppose that one may reach the same end as is attained through voluntary chastity by frustrating the aim of nature in fecundation; or indeed if, in consideration of the unendurable suffering of life, parents were to use means for the destruction of their new-born children, instead of doing everything possible to ensure life to that which is struggling into it.
如果认为一个人可以通过挫败自然的受精目的来达到与自愿贞洁所达到的相同目的，那么这将是一个与此完全类似的错误。或者事实上，如果考虑到生命中难以忍受的痛苦，父母会使用各种手段来毁灭他们的新生孩子，而不是尽一切可能来确保正在挣扎中的孩子的生命。
For if the will to live is there, as it is the only metaphysical reality, or the thing-in-itself, no physical force can break it, but can only destroy its manifestation at this place and time.
因为如果生存意志存在，因为它是唯一的形而上学现实，或者说是自在之物，那么任何物理力量都无法打破它，而只能摧毁它在此时此地的表现。
It itself can never be transcended except through knowledge.
除非通过知识，否则永远无法超越它本身。
Thus the only way of salvation is, that the will shall manifest itself unrestrictedly, in order that in this individual manifestation it may come to apprehend its own nature.
因此，拯救的唯一方法是，意志应不受限制地表现出来，以便在这种个体表现中，它可以理解自己的本质。
Only as the result of this knowledge can the will transcend itself, and thereby end the suffering which is inseparable from its manifestation.
只有作为这种认识的结果，意志才能超越自身，从而结束与其表现密不可分的痛苦。
It is quite impossible to accomplish this end by physical force, as by destroying the germ, or by killing the new-born child, or by committing suicide.
通过物理力量来实现这一目的是完全不可能的，例如通过消灭细菌、杀死新生儿或自杀。
Nature guides the will to the light, just because it is only in the light that it can work out its salvation.
自然将意志引向光明，因为只有在光明中，它才能实现救赎。
Therefore the aims of Nature are to be promoted in every way as soon as the will to live, which is its inner being, has determined itself.
因此，一旦作为其内在存在的生存意志确定了自身，自然的目标就应以各种方式得到促进。
 There is a species of suicide which seems to be quite distinct from the common kind, though its occurrence has perhaps not yet been fully established.
有一种自杀方式似乎与常见的自杀方式截然不同，尽管它的发生可能尚未完全确定。
It is starvation, voluntarily chosen on the ground of extreme asceticism.
这是饥饿，是在极端禁欲主义的基础上自愿选择的。
All instances of it, however, have been accompanied and obscured by much religious fanaticism, and even superstition.
然而，所有这些例子都伴随着宗教狂热，甚至迷信，并被其掩盖。
Yet it seems that the absolute denial of will may reach the point at which the will shall be wanting to take the necessary nourishment for the support of the natural life.
然而，似乎对意志的绝对否定可能会达到这样的程度：意志将想要获取必要的营养来支持自然生命。
This kind of suicide is so far from being the result of the will to live, that such a completely resigned ascetic only ceases to live because he has already altogether ceased to will.
这种自杀根本不是求生意志的结果，这样一个完全听天由命的苦行者只是停止了生活，因为他已经完全停止了求生意志。
No other death than that by starvation is in this case conceivable (unless it were the result of some special superstition); for the intention to cut short the torment would itself be a stage in the assertion of will.
在这种情况下，除了饥饿之外，不可能有其他死亡（除非是某种特殊迷信的结果）。因为缩短折磨的意图本身就是表达意志的一个阶段。
The dogmas which satisfy the reason of such a penitent delude him with the idea that a being of a higher nature has inculcated the fasting to which his own inner tendency drives him.
满足这种悔罪者理性的教条使他误以为是一个具有更高本性的存在已经灌输了他自己的内在倾向驱使他进行的禁食。
Old examples of this may be found in the “Breslauer Sammlung von Natur- und Medicin-Geschichten,” September 1799, p.
旧的例子可以在“Breslauer Sammlung von Natur- und Medicin-Geschichten”中找到，1799 年 9 月，第 17 页。
363; in Bayle’s “Nouvelles de la République des Lettres,” February 1685, p.
363；拜尔的《Nouvelles de la République des Lettres》，1685 年 2 月，第 17 页。
189; in Zimmermann, “Ueber die Einsamkeit,” vol.
189；齐默尔曼，“Ueber die Einsamkeit”，卷。
i.
我。
p.
p。
182; in the “Histoire de l’Académie des Sciences” for 1764, an account by Houttuyn, which is quoted in the “Sammlung für praktische Aerzte,” vol.
182； 1764 年《科学学院史》中 Houttuyn 的记述，《Sammlung für praktische Aerzte》卷 1 中引用了该记录。
i.
我。
p.
p。
69
69
More recent accounts may be found in Hufeland’s “Journal für praktische Heilkunde,” vol.
更多最新的记载可以在 Hufeland 的“Journal für praktische Heilkunde”卷中找到。
x.
X。
p.
p。
181, and vol.
181，卷。
xlviii.
xlviii.
p.
p。
95; also in Nasse’s “Zeitschrift für psychische Aerzte,” 1819, part iii.
95;也在 Nasse 的“Zeitschrift für psychische Aerzte”中，1819 年，第三部分。
p.
p。
460; and in the “Edinburgh Medical and Surgical Journal,” 1809, vol.
460；以及《爱丁堡医学和外科杂志》，1809 年，第 1 卷。
v.
v.
p.
p。
319
319
In the year 1833 all the papers announced that the English historian, Dr.
1833 年，所有报纸都宣布英国历史学家 Dr.
Lingard, had died in January at Dover of voluntary starvation; according to later accounts, it was not he himself, but a relation of his who died.
林加德 (Lingard) 一月份在多佛 (Dover) 因自愿饥饿而去世；据后来的记载，死的不是他本人，而是他的一个亲戚。
Still in these accounts the persons were generally described as insane, and it is no longer possible to find out how far this was the case.
尽管如此，在这些叙述中，这些人通常被描述为精神错乱，而且已经不可能知道情况到底有多严重了。
But I will give here a more recent case of this kind, if it were only to ensure the preservation of one of the rare instances of this striking and extraordinary phenomenon of human nature, which, to all appearance at any rate, belongs to the category to which I wish to assign it and could hardly be explained in any other way.
但我将在这里举一个最近的此类案例，如果只是为了确保保存这种引人注目的、非同寻常的人性现象的罕见实例之一，无论如何，它属于这一类别我希望将其分配给它，并且几乎无法用任何其他方式来解释。
This case is reported in the “Nürnberger Correspondenten” of the 29th July 1813, in these words:—“We hear from Bern that in a thick wood near Thurnen a hut has been discovered in which was lying the body of a man who had been dead about a month.
1813 年 7 月 29 日的《纽伦堡通讯报》报道了这一事件，其中写道：“我们从伯尔尼得知，在图尔嫩附近的一片茂密树林中发现了一间小屋，里面躺着一具被杀害的男子的尸体。死了一个月左右。
His clothes gave little or no clue to his social position.
他的衣服很少或根本没有透露他的社会地位。
Two very fine shirts lay beside him.
他旁边放着两件非常精美的衬衫。
The most important article, however, was a Bible interleaved with white paper, part of which had been written upon by the deceased.
然而，最重要的物品是一本夹着白纸的《圣经》，其中一部分是死者写的。
In this writing he gives the date of his departure from home (but does not mention where his home was).
在这篇文章中，他给出了他离开家的日期（但没有提及他的家在哪里）。
He then says that he was driven by the Spirit of God into the wilderness to pray and fast.
然后他说他被上帝的灵驱赶到旷野去祈祷和禁食。
During his journey he had fasted seven days and then he had again taken food.
在旅途中，他禁食了七天，然后才再次进食。
After this he had begun again to fast, and continued to do so for the same number of days as before.
此后，他又开始禁食，并继续禁食与以前相同的天数。
From this point we find each day marked with a stroke, and of these there are five, at the expiration of which the pilgrim presumably died.
从这一点开始，我们发现每一天都被标记为中风，其中有五天，朝圣者可能在这天结束时死亡。
There was further found a letter to a clergyman about a sermon which the deceased heard him preach, but the letter was not addressed.” Between this voluntary death arising from extreme asceticism and the common suicide resulting from despair there may be various intermediate species and combinations, though this is hard to find out.
还发现了一封写给一位牧师的信，内容涉及死者听他讲道的内容，但信中没有写明地址。”在这种极端禁欲主义导致的自愿死亡和常见的绝望导致的自杀之间可能存在各种中间物种和组合，尽管这很难找出。
But human nature has depths, obscurities, and perplexities, the analysis and elucidation of which is a matter of the very greatest difficulty.
但人性是有深度、有晦涩、有困惑的，分析和阐明它是一件非常困难的事情。
 § 70.
 §70.
It might be supposed that the entire exposition (now terminated) of that which I call the denial of the will is irreconcilable with the earlier explanation of necessity, which belongs just as much to motivation as to every other form of the principle of sufficient reason, and according to which, motives, like all causes, are only occasional causes, upon which the character unfolds its nature and reveals it with the necessity of a natural law, on account of which we absolutely denied freedom as _liberum arbitrium indifferentiæ_.
可能会认为，我所说的对意志的否定的整个阐述（现已终止）与先前对必然性的解释是不相容的，必然性与充足理由原则的所有其他形式一样属于动机，据此，动机与所有原因一样，只是偶然原因，性格在此基础上展开其本性，并以自然法的必然性揭示它，因此我们绝对否认自由作为“自由任意”。
But far from suppressing this here, I would call it to mind.
但我不会在这里压制这一点，而是会想起它。
In truth, real freedom, _i.e._, independence of the principle of sufficient reason, belongs to the will only as a thing-in-itself, not to its manifestation, whose essential form is everywhere the principle of sufficient reason, the element or sphere of necessity.
事实上，真正的自由，即独立于充分理由原则，只属于自在之物的意志，而不属于其表现形式，其本质形式无处不在充分理由原则，即充分理由原则。必要性的要素或范围。
But the one case in which that freedom can become directly visible in the manifestation is that in which it makes an end of what manifests itself, and because the mere manifestation, as a link in the chain of causes, the living body in time, which contains only phenomena, still continues to exist, the will which manifests itself through this phenomenon then stands in contradiction to it, for it denies what the phenomenon expresses.
但是，自由可以在表现中直接可见的一种情况是，它结束了表现本身，并且因为纯粹的表现，作为原因链中的一个环节，是时间中的生命体，只包含现象，仍然继续存在，通过这种现象表现出来的意志则与它相矛盾，因为它否认现象所表达的东西。
In such a case the organs of generation, for example, as the visible form of the sexual impulse, are there and in health; but yet, in the inmost consciousness, no sensual gratification is desired; and although the whole body is only the visible expression of the will to live, yet the motives which correspond to this will no longer act; indeed, the dissolution of the body, the end of the individual, and in this way the greatest check to the natural will, is welcome and desired.
在这种情况下，例如，作为性冲动的可见形式的生成器官就在那里并且处于健康状态。然而，在最深处的意识中，并不渴望感官的满足。尽管整个身体只是生存意志的有形表现，但与之相对应的动机却不再起作用；事实上，身体的消解、个体的终结，以及以这种方式对自然意志的最大遏制，是受欢迎和渴望的。
Now, the contradiction between our assertions of the necessity of the determination of the will by motives, in accordance with the character, on the one hand, and of the possibility of the entire suppression of the will whereby the motives become powerless, on the other hand, is only the repetition in the reflection of philosophy of this _real_ contradiction which arises from the direct encroachment of the freedom of the will-in-itself, which knows no necessity, into the sphere of the necessity of its manifestation.
现在，我们的主张之间存在着矛盾：一方面，根据性格，动机决定意志的必要性；另一方面，我们主张完全压制意志，从而使动机变得无能为力。另一方面，它只是在哲学反思中重复这种“真正的”矛盾，这种矛盾是由于自在意志的自由直接侵犯其表现的必然性领域而产生的，而自在意志并不知道必然性。
But the key to the solution of these contradictions lies in the fact that the state in which the character is withdrawn from the power of motives does not proceed directly from the will, but from a changed form of knowledge.
但解决这些矛盾的关键在于，性格从动机的力量中抽离出来的状态并不是直接来自于意志，而是来自于知识形式的改变。
So long as the knowledge is merely that which is involved in the _principium individuationis_ and exclusively follows the principle of sufficient reason, the strength of the motives is irresistible.
只要知识仅仅是个体化原则所涉及的知识，并且完全遵循充分理由的原则，那么动机的力量就是不可抗拒的。
But when the _principium individuationis_ is seen through, when the Ideas, and indeed the inner nature of the thing-in-itself, as the same will in all, are directly recognised, and from this knowledge an universal quieter of volition arises, then the particular motives become ineffective, because the kind of knowledge which corresponds to them is obscured and thrown into the background by quite another kind.
但是，当个体化原则被看透时，当观念以及自在之物的内在本质（作为所有人中的同一意志）被直接认识到时，并且从这种认识中产生了一种普遍的意志平静者，那么，特定的动机变得无效，因为与它们相对应的知识被另一种知识所掩盖并抛到了幕后。
Therefore the character can never partially change, but must, with the consistency of a law of Nature, carry out in the particular the will which it manifests as a whole.
因此，性格永远不会部分改变，而必须按照自然法则的一致性，在具体方面执行其作为整体所表现的意志。
But this whole, the character itself, may be completely suppressed or abolished through the change of knowledge referred to above.
但这个整体，即性格本身，可能会通过上述知识的改变而被完全压制或废除。
It is this suppression or abolition which Asmus, as quoted above, marvels at and denotes the “catholic, transcendental change;” and in the Christian Church it has very aptly been called the _new birth_, and the knowledge from which it springs, the _work of grace_.
正如上文所引，阿斯穆斯所惊叹的正是这种压制或废除，并指出了“天主教的、先验的改变”；在基督教会中，它被非常恰当地称为“新生”，以及从中产生的知识，“恩典的工作”。
Therefore it is not a question of a change, but of an entire suppression of the character; and hence it arises that, however different the characters which experience the suppression may have been before it, after it they show a great similarity in their conduct, though every one still speaks very differently according to his conceptions and dogmas.
因此，这不是改变的问题，而是对性格的完全压制；因此，无论经历镇压的人物在镇压之前有多么不同，在镇压之后，他们的行为却表现出极大的相似性，尽管每个人根据自己的观念和教条所说的话仍然截然不同。
 In this sense, then, the old philosophical doctrine of the freedom of the will, which has constantly been contested and constantly maintained, is not without ground, and the dogma of the Church of the work of grace and the new birth is not without meaning and significance.
那么，从这个意义上说，不断受到质疑和不断维护的关于意志自由的古老哲学教义并不是没有根据的，而教会关于恩典工作和重生的教条也不是没有意义的。和意义。
But we now unexpectedly see both united in one, and we can also now understand in what sense the excellent Malebranche could say, “_La liberté est un mystère_,” and was right.
但我们现在出乎意料地看到两者合而为一，我们现在也可以理解杰出的马勒伯朗士在何种意义上可以说“自由是神秘的”，并且是正确的。
For precisely what the Christian mystics call _the work of grace_ and _the new birth_, is for us the single direct expression of _the freedom of the will_.
因为基督教神秘主义者所谓的“恩典之工”和“新生”，对我们来说正是“意志自由”的唯一直接表达。
It only appears if the will, having attained to a knowledge of its own real nature, receives from this a _quieter_, by means of which the motives are deprived of their effect, which belongs to the province of another kind of knowledge, the objects of which are merely phenomena.
只有当意志获得了关于其真实本质的知识后，它才显得更加平静，通过这种方式，动机被剥夺了其效果，这属于另一种知识的范围，即对象的对象。这只是现象。
The possibility of the freedom which thus expresses itself is the greatest prerogative of man, which is for ever wanting to the brute, because the condition of it is the deliberation of reason, which enables him to survey the whole of life independent of the impression of the present.
如此表现出来的自由的可能性是人类最大的特权，人类永远想要野蛮，因为它的条件是理性的深思熟虑，这使人能够独立于外界的印象来审视整个生活。现在。
The brute is entirely without the possibility of freedom, as, indeed, it is without the possibility of a proper or deliberate choice following upon a completed conflict of motives, which for this purpose would have to be abstract ideas.
野蛮人完全没有自由的可能性，因为事实上，它不可能在完全的动机冲突之后做出适当的或深思熟虑的选择，为此目的，动机必须是抽象的想法。
Therefore with the same necessity with which the stone falls to the earth, the hungry wolf buries its fangs in the flesh of its prey, without the possibility of the knowledge that it is itself the destroyed as well as the destroyer.
因此，正如石头落到地上的必然性一样，饿狼将它的尖牙埋入猎物的肉中，而不知道它自己既是被摧毁的也是毁灭者。
_Necessity is the kingdom of nature; freedom is the kingdom of grace._  Now because, as we have seen, that _self-suppression of the will_ proceeds from knowledge, and all knowledge is involuntary, that denial of will also, that entrance into freedom, cannot be forcibly attained to by intention or design, but proceeds from the inmost relation of knowing and volition in the man, and therefore comes suddenly, as if spontaneously from without.
_必然性是自然王国；自由是恩典的国度。_现在，因为，正如我们所看到的，意志的自我抑制_来自于知识，而所有的知识都是非自愿的，因此，对意志的否定，即进入自由，也不能通过强行获得。意图或设计，而是从人最内在的认识和意志关系出发，因此突然出现，仿佛自发地从外部而来。
This is why the Church has called it _the work of grace_; and that it still regards it as independent of the acceptance of grace corresponds to the fact that the effect of the quieter is finally a free act of will.
这就是为什么教会称其为“恩典之工”；它仍然认为它独立于接受恩典，这与安静者的效果最终是意志的自由行为这一事实相对应。
And because, in consequence of such a work of grace, the whole nature of man is changed and reversed from its foundation, so that he no longer wills anything of all that he previously willed so intensely, so that it is as if a new man actually took the place of the old, the Church has called this consequence of the work of grace the _new birth_.
因为，由于这样的恩典之工，人的整个本性从其根基起就被改变和颠倒了，以致他不再愿意他以前如此强烈地愿意的任何事情，因此就好像一个新人一样实际上取代了旧的，教会将恩典工作的这种结果称为_新生_。
For what it calls the _natural man_, to which it denies all capacity for good, is just the will to live, which must be denied if deliverance from an existence such as ours is to be attained.
因为它所谓的“自然人”，它否认了一切行善的能力，而只是生存的意愿，如果要从像我们这样的存在中解脱出来，就必须否认这一点。
Behind our existence lies something else, which is only accessible to us if we have shaken off this world.
我们存在的背后隐藏着一些别的东西，只有我们摆脱了这个世界，我们才能接触到它。
 Having regard, not to the individuals according to the principle of sufficient reason, but to the Idea of man in its unity, Christian theology symbolises _nature_, the _assertion of the will to live_ in Adam, whose sin, inherited by us, _i.e._, our unity with him in the Idea, which is represented in time by the bond of procreation, makes us all partakers of suffering and eternal death.
基督教神学不是根据充分理性原则考虑个人，而是考虑人的统一理念，它象征着“自然”，即亚当的“生存意志的主张”，亚当的罪孽由我们继承，即._，我们在理念中与他的统一，在时间上通过生殖的纽带来代表，使我们都分享痛苦和永恒的死亡。
On the other hand, it symbolises _grace_, the _denial of the will_, _salvation_, in the incarnate God, who, as free from all sin, that is, from all willing of life, cannot, like us, have proceeded from the most pronounced assertion of the will, nor can he, like us, have a body which is through and through simply concrete will, manifestation of the will; but born of a pure virgin, he has only a phantom body.
另一方面，它象征着道成肉身的上帝的_恩典_，_对意志的否定_，_救赎_，他摆脱了所有的罪恶，也就是说，摆脱了所有的生命意愿，不能像我们一样，从最明显的他也不能像我们一样拥有一个完全是具体意志、意志表现的身体；但他是由纯洁的处女所生，只有幻影的身体。
This last is the doctrine of the Docetæ, _i.e._, certain Church Fathers, who in this respect are very consistent.
最后一点是Docetæ（即某些教父）的教义，他们在这方面非常一致。
It is especially taught by Apelles, against whom and his followers Tertullian wrote.
阿佩莱斯特别教导了这一点，德尔图良及其追随者也曾写过反对阿佩莱斯的文章。
But even Augustine comments thus on the passage, Rom.
但即使是奥古斯丁也对《罗马书》这段经文作出了这样的评论。
viii.
八．
3, “God sent his Son in the likeness of sinful flesh:” “_Non enim caro peccati erat, quæ non de carnali delectatione nata erat: sed tamen inerat ei similitudo carnis peccati, quia mortalis caro erat_” (Liber 83, _quæst.
3，“神以有罪肉体的形象派遣了他的儿子：”“_Non enim caro peccatierat, quænon de carnali delectatione nataerat: sed tamen inerat ei similitudo carnis peccati, quia mortalis caroerat_”（Liber 83，_quæst.
qu._ 66).
曲._ 66）。
He also teaches in his work entitled “_Opus Imperfectum_,” i.
他还在他的题为“_Opus Imperfectum_”的著作中进行教学。
47, that inherited sin is both sin and punishment at once.
47、遗传的罪既是罪又是惩罚。
It is already present in new-born children, but only shows itself if they grow up.
它已经存在于新生儿中，但只有在他们长大后才会显现出来。
Yet the origin of this sin is to be referred to the will of the sinner.
然而，这种罪的根源在于罪人的意志。
This sinner was Adam, but we all existed in him; Adam became miserable, and in him we have all become miserable.
这个罪人就是亚当，但我们都存在于他里面；亚当变得悲惨，在他身上我们都变得悲惨。
Certainly the doctrine of original sin (assertion of the will) and of salvation (denial of the will) is the great truth which constitutes the essence of Christianity, while most of what remains is only the clothing of it, the husk or accessories.
当然，原罪（坚持意志）和救赎（否定意志）的教义是构成基督教本质的伟大真理，而剩下的大部分只是它的外衣、外壳或装饰品。
Therefore Jesus Christ ought always to be conceived in the universal, as the symbol or personification of the denial of the will to live, but never as an individual, whether according to his mythical history given in the Gospels, or according to the probably true history which lies at the foundation of this.
因此，耶稣基督应该始终被视为普遍性的，作为否认生存意志的象征或化身，但绝不是作为一个个体，无论是根据福音书中给出的他的神话历史，还是根据可能真实的历史这是这一切的基础。
For neither the one nor the other will easily satisfy us entirely.
因为无论是哪一种，都无法轻易地让我们完全满意。
It is merely the vehicle of that conception for the people, who always demand something actual.
对于人们来说，它只是这一概念的载体，人们总是要求一些实际的东西。
That in recent times Christianity has forgotten its true significance, and degenerated into dull optimism, does not concern us here.
近代基督教已经忘记了它的真正意义，并堕落为迟钝的乐观主义，但我们在这里并不关心这一点。
 It is further an original and evangelical doctrine of Christianity—which Augustine, with the consent of the leaders of the Church, defended against the platitudes of the Pelagians, and which it was the principal aim of Luther’s endeavour to purify from error and re-establish, as he expressly declares in his book, “_De Servo Arbitrio_,”—the doctrine that _the will is not free_, but originally subject to the inclination to evil.
它进一步是基督教的原始和福音派教义，奥古斯丁在教会领袖的同意下，反对伯拉纠派的陈词滥调，也是路德努力净化错误并重建它的主要目标。正如他在他的书中明确宣称的那样，“De Servo Arbitrio_”——即“意志不是自由的”，而是最初受制于邪恶倾向的学说。
Therefore according to this doctrine the deeds of the will are always sinful and imperfect, and can never fully satisfy justice; and, finally, these works can never save us, but faith alone, a faith which itself does not spring from resolution and free will, but from the work of grace, without our co-operation, comes to us as from without.
因此，根据这一学说，意志的行为总是有罪的、不完美的，永远不能完全满足正义。最后，这些行为永远不能拯救我们，但唯有信心，这种信心本身并非源于决心和自由意志，而是源于恩典的工作，无需我们的合作，就像从外面而来。
 Not only the dogmas referred to before, but also this last genuine evangelical dogma belongs to those which at the present day an ignorant and dull opinion rejects as absurd or hides.
不仅是前面提到的教条，而且这最后一个真正的福音派教条也属于当今无知和迟钝的观点所拒绝的那些教条，因为它是荒谬的或隐藏的。
For, in spite of Augustine and Luther, it adheres to the vulgar Pelagianism, which the rationalism of the day really is, and treats as antiquated those deeply significant dogmas which are peculiar and essential to Christianity in the strictest sense; while, on the other hand, it holds fast and regards as the principal matter only the dogma that originates in Judaism, and has been retained from it, and is merely historically connected with Christianity.(91) We, however, recognise in the doctrine referred to above the truth completely agreeing with the result of our own investigations.
因为，尽管有奥古斯丁和路德，它仍然坚持庸俗的伯拉纠主义，而这正是当今的理性主义的真正本质，并且把那些在最严格意义上对基督教来说是独特的和本质的、意义深远的教条视为过时的。另一方面，它只坚持并把起源于犹太教、从犹太教中保留下来的教条视为主要内容，并且仅在历史上与基督教有联系。（91）然而，我们在教义中承认上述事实与我们自己的调查结果完全一致。
We see that true virtue and holiness of disposition have their origin not in deliberate choice (works), but in knowledge (faith); just as we have in like manner developed it from our leading thought.
我们看到，真正的美德和圣洁的性情不是源于刻意的选择（行为），而是源于知识（信仰）；正如我们以同样的方式从我们的主导思想中发展出它一样。
If it were works, which spring from motives and deliberate intention, that led to salvation, then, however one may turn it, virtue would always be a prudent, methodical, far-seeing egoism.
如果是源于动机和深思熟虑的行为导致了救赎，那么，无论人们如何看待它，美德将永远是一种谨慎的、有条理的、有远见的利己主义。
But the faith to which the Christian Church promises salvation is this: that as through the fall of the first man we are all partakers of sin and subject to death and perdition, through the divine substitute, through grace and the taking upon himself of our fearful guilt, we are all saved, without any merit of our own (of the person); since that which can proceed from the intentional (determined by motives) action of the person, works, can never justify us, from its very nature, just because it is _intentional_, action induced by motives, _opus operatum_.
但基督教会承诺救赎的信仰是这样的：通过第一个人的堕落，我们都与罪有份，并受到死亡和灭亡的影响，通过神圣的替代品，通过恩典和承担我们可怕的责任。罪孽，我们都得救了，没有我们自己（人）的任何功德；因为那些可以从人的有意（由动机决定）行为中产生的东西，即作品，永远不能从其本质上证明我们是合理的，仅仅因为它是_意向的_，由动机引起的行动，_opus operatum_。
Thus in this faith there is implied, first of all, that our condition is originally and essentially an incurable one, from which we need _salvation_; then, that we ourselves essentially belong to evil, and are so firmly bound to it that our works according to law and precept, _i.e._, according to motives, can never satisfy justice nor save us; but salvation is only obtained through faith, _i.e._, through a changed mode of knowing, and this faith can only come through grace, thus as from without.
因此，在这种信仰中，首先，我们的状况本质上是无法治愈的，我们需要拯救；那么，我们自己本质上属于邪恶，并且与邪恶紧密相连，以至于我们根据法律和戒律（即根据动机）行事，永远无法满足正义，也无法拯救我们；但是救赎只能通过信仰来获得，即通过改变认识方式，而这种信仰只能通过恩典来获得，因此就像来自外部。
This means that the salvation is one which is quite foreign to our person, and points to a denial and surrender of this person necessary to salvation.
这意味着救恩对于我们这个人来说是完全陌生的，并且指向这个人对于救恩所必需的否认和投降。
Works, the result of the law as such, can never justify, because they are always action following upon motives.
行为，即法律本身的结果，永远不能证明其正当性，因为它们总是遵循动机的行为。
Luther demands (in his book “_De Libertate Christiana_”) that after the entrance of faith the good works shall proceed from it entirely of themselves, as symptoms, as fruits of it; yet by no means as constituting in themselves a claim to merit, justification, or reward, but taking place quite voluntarily and gratuitously.
路德要求（在他的《自由基督教》一书中），在信仰进入之后，善行将完全由信仰本身产生，作为信仰的征兆，作为信仰的果实；然而，这些行为本身并不构成对功绩、理由或奖励的要求，而是完全自愿和无偿地发生的。
So we also hold that from the ever-clearer penetration of the _principium individuationis_ proceeds, first, merely free justice, then love, extending to the complete abolition of egoism, and finally resignation or denial of the will.
因此，我们也认为，从对个体化原理的日益清晰的洞察出发，首先是自由正义，然后是爱，延伸到彻底废除利己主义，最后是意志的放弃或否定。
 I have here introduced these dogmas of Christian theology, which in themselves are foreign to philosophy, merely for the purpose of showing that the ethical doctrine which proceeds from our whole investigation, and is in complete agreement and connection with all its parts, although new and unprecedented in its expression, is by no means so in its real nature, but fully agrees with the Christian dogmas properly so called, and indeed, as regards its essence, was contained and present in them.
我在这里介绍基督教神学的这些教条，它们本身与哲学无关，只是为了表明，从我们的整个研究中得出的伦理学说，尽管是新的和新的，并且与其所有部分完全一致和联系。它的表达方式是史无前例的，但其真实本质绝不是这样，而是完全符合所谓的基督教教义，而且事实上，就其本质而言，它们包含并存在于其中。
It also agrees quite as accurately with the doctrines and ethical teachings of the sacred books of India, which in their turn are presented in quite different forms.
它也同样准确地符合印度圣书的教义和道德教义，而印度圣书的教义和道德教义又以截然不同的形式呈现。
At the same time the calling to mind of the dogmas of the Christian Church serves to explain and illustrate the apparent contradiction between the necessity of all expressions of character when motives are presented (the kingdom of Nature) on the one hand, and the freedom of the will in itself, to deny itself, and abolish the character with all the necessity of the motives based upon it (the kingdom of grace) on the other hand.
同时，回想起基督教会的教条，可以解释和说明一方面，当动机出现时所有性格表达的必要性（自然王国）与自由的自由之间存在着明显的矛盾。另一方面，意志本身，否定自己，并废除基于它的动机的所有必要性品格（恩典的国度）。
 § 71.
 §71.
I now end the general account of ethics, and with it the whole development of that one thought which it has been my object to impart; and I by no means desire to conceal here an objection which concerns this last part of my exposition, but rather to point out that it lies in the nature of the question, and that it is quite impossible to remove it.
现在，我将结束对伦理学的一般阐述，并随之结束我的目的是传授的这一思想的整体发展。我决不想在这里隐瞒与我的阐述的最后部分有关的反对意见，而是指出它存在于问题的本质之中，并且消除它是完全不可能的。
It is this, that after our investigation has brought us to the point at which we have before our eyes perfect holiness, the denial and surrender of all volition, and thus the deliverance from a world whose whole existence we have found to be suffering, this appears to us as a passing away into empty nothingness.
正是这样，在我们的研究使我们达到了眼前完美的圣洁，所有意志的否定和投降，从而从一个我们发现其整个存在都在受苦的世界中解脱出来之后，这在我们看来，就像是进入空虚的虚无。
 On this I must first remark, that the conception of nothing is essentially relative, and always refers to a definite something which it negatives.
对此，我必须首先指出，“无”的概念本质上是相对的，并且总是指代它所否定的确定的事物。
This quality has been attributed (by Kant) merely to the _nihil privativum_, which is indicated by - as opposed to +, which -, from an opposite point of view, might become +, and in opposition to this _nihil privativum_ the _nihil negativum_ has been set up, which would in every reference be nothing, and as an example of this the logical contradiction which does away with itself has been given.
这种品质（康德）仅仅归因于_nihil privativum_，它由-表示，而不是+，从相反的角度看，它-可能变成+，而与这个_nihil privativum_相反，_nihil negativum_有已经成立，在任何参考文献中都毫无意义，并且作为一个例子，已经给出了消除自身的逻辑矛盾。
But more closely considered, no absolute nothing, no proper _nihil negativum_ is even thinkable; but everything of this kind, when considered from a higher standpoint or subsumed under a wider concept, is always merely a _nihil privativum_.
但更仔细地考虑，没有绝对的虚无，甚至没有适当的“虚无否定”是可以想象的；但是，当从更高的角度考虑或纳入更广泛的概念时，此类一切都始终只是一种“虚无的私有”。
Every nothing is thought as such only in relation to something, and presupposes this relation, and thus also this something.
每一个无都只有在与某物相关时才被认为是这样的，并且预设了这种关系，因此也预设了这个某物。
Even a logical contradiction is only a relative nothing.
即使是逻辑上的矛盾也只是相对的无。
It is no thought of the reason, but it is not on that account an absolute nothing; for it is a combination of words; it is an example of the unthinkable, which is necessary in logic in order to prove the laws of thought.
没有想到原因，但并不因此就绝对没有；因为它是单词的组合；它是不可想象的例子，这在逻辑上是证明思维定律所必需的。
Therefore if for this end such an example is sought, we will stick to the nonsense as the positive which we are in search of, and pass over the sense as the negative.
因此，如果为了这个目的而寻找这样的例子，我们就会坚持把无意义的东西当作我们所寻找的积极的东西，而忽略有意义的东西作为消极的东西。
Thus every _nihil negativum_, if subordinated to a higher concept, will appear as a mere _nihil privativum_ or relative nothing, which can, moreover, always exchange signs with what it negatives, so that that would then be thought as negation, and it itself as assertion.
因此，每一个_nihil negativum_，如果从属于一个更高的概念，就会表现为纯粹的_nihil privativum_或相对的无，而且，它总是可以与其否定的东西交换符号，这样一来，它就会被认为是否定，而它本身则被认为是断言。
This also agrees with the result of the difficult dialectical investigation of the meaning of nothing which Plato gives in the “Sophist” (pp.
这也与柏拉图在《诡辩家》中对“无”的意义进行艰难的辩证考察的结果相一致（第17页）。
277-287): Την του ἑτερου φυσιν αποδειξαντες ουσαν τε, και κατακεκερματισμενην επι παντα τα οντα προς αλληλα, το προς το ον ἑκαστου μοριου αυτης αντιτιθεμενον, ετολμησαμεν ειπειν, ὡς αυτο τουτο εστιν οντως το μη ον (_Cum enim ostenderemus, alterius ipsius naturam esse perque omnia entia divisam atque dispersam in vicem; tunc partem ejus oppositam ei, quod cujusque ens est, esse ipsum revera non ens asseruimus_).
277-287）：在证明了另一个存在的本质并将所有存在彼此分开之后，存在与它的每个分子的存在相对立，我们大胆地说，因为这个存在确实是非存在（ _Cum enim ostenderemus, ipsius alterius naturam esse perqueomnia entia divisam atque dispersam in Vicem? tunc patem ejus oppositam ei, quod cujusque ens est, esse ipsum revera non ens asseruimus_)。
 That which is generally received as positive, which we call the real, and the negation of which the concept nothing in its most general significance expresses, is just the world as idea, which I have shown to be the objectivity and mirror of the will.
通常被认为是肯定的东西，我们称之为真实，而其否定性的概念在其最普遍的意义上没有表达任何东西，正是作为观念的世界，我已经证明它是意志的客观性和镜子。
Moreover, we ourselves are just this will and this world, and to them belongs the idea in general, as one aspect of them.
而且，我们自己就是这个意志和这个世界，而总体观念属于它们，作为它们的一个方面。
The form of the idea is space and time, therefore for this point of view all that is real must be in some place and at some time.
想法的形式是空间和时间，因此对于这种观点来说，所有真实的东西都必须在某个地方和某个时间。
Denial, abolition, conversion of the will, is also the abolition and the vanishing of the world, its mirror.
意志的否定、废除、转变，也是世界——它的镜子——的废除和消失。
If we no longer perceive it in this mirror, we ask in vain where it has gone, and then, because it has no longer any where and when, complain that it has vanished into nothing.
如果我们不再在这面镜子中看到它，我们徒然地问它去了哪里，然后，因为它不再有任何地点和时间，我们抱怨它消失得无影无踪。
 A reversed point of view, if it were possible for us, would reverse the signs and show the real for us as nothing, and that nothing as the real.
一种相反的观点，如果对我们来说是可能的话，就会颠倒迹象，让我们看到真实的东西是虚无的，虚无的东西也是真实的。
But as long as we ourselves are the will to live, this last—nothing as the real—can only be known and signified by us negatively, because the old saying of Empedocles, that like can only be known by like, deprives us here of all knowledge, as, conversely, upon it finally rests the possibility of all our actual knowledge, _i.e._, the world as idea; for the world is the self-knowledge of the will.
但是，只要我们自己有生存的意志，最后这一点——没有真实的东西——就只能被我们消极地认识和表示，因为恩培多克勒的那句老话，“同类只能通过同类来认识”，在这里剥夺了我们所有知识，相反，我们所有实际知识的可能性最终都依赖于它，即作为观念的世界；因为世界是意志的自知之明。
 If, however, it should be absolutely insisted upon that in some way or other a positive knowledge should be attained of that which philosophy can only express negatively as the denial of the will, there would be nothing for it but to refer to that state which all those who have attained to complete denial of the will have experienced, and which has been variously denoted by the names ecstasy, rapture, illumination, union with God, and so forth; a state, however, which cannot properly be called knowledge, because it has not the form of subject and object, and is, moreover, only attainable in one’s own experience and cannot be further communicated.
然而，如果绝对坚持认为，哲学只能以否定意志的方式否定性地表达的东西，应该以某种方式获得一种肯定的知识，那么，除了提及哲学只能否定意志的状态之外，就别无他法了。所有达到完全否定意志的人都经历过这种体验，这种体验被用不同的名称表示：狂喜、狂喜、启发、与上帝结合等等。然而，这种状态不能被恰当地称为知识，因为它没有主体和客体的形式，而且只能通过自己的经验获得，而不能进一步传播。
 We, however, who consistently occupy the standpoint of philosophy, must be satisfied here with negative knowledge, content to have reached the utmost limit of the positive.
然而，我们这些一贯占据哲学立场的人，在这里必须满足于消极的知识，满足于达到了积极的最大极限。
We have recognised the inmost nature of the world as will, and all its phenomena as only the objectivity of will; and we have followed this objectivity from the unconscious working of obscure forces of Nature up to the completely conscious action of man.
我们已经认识到世界的最本质是意志，世界的一切现象都只是意志的客观性；从自然力量的无意识运作到人类完全有意识的行动，我们都遵循这种客观性。
Therefore we shall by no means evade the consequence, that with the free denial, the surrender of the will, all those phenomena are also abolished; that constant strain and effort without end and without rest at all the grades of objectivity, in which and through which the world consists; the multifarious forms succeeding each other in gradation; the whole manifestation of the will; and, finally, also the universal forms of this manifestation, time and space, and also its last fundamental form, subject and object; all are abolished.
因此，我们决不能回避这样的结果：随着自由的否定、意志的投降，所有这些现象也都被废除了。不断的紧张和努力，在客观性的各个层面上永无止境、永无休止，世界就存在于其中并通过它而存在；形式多样，层次分明；意志的全部表现；最后，还有这种表现的普遍形式，时间和空间，以及它最后的基本形式，主体和客体；全部废除。
No will: no idea, no world.
没有意志：没有想法，就没有世界。
 Before us there is certainly only nothingness.
我们面前当然只有虚无。
But that which resists this passing into nothing, our nature, is indeed just the will to live, which we ourselves are as it is our world.
但是，抵制这种消失的东西，即我们的本性，实际上就是生存的意志，我们自己就是我们自己，我们的世界也是如此。
That we abhor annihilation so greatly, is simply another expression of the fact that we so strenuously will life, and are nothing but this will, and know nothing besides it.
我们如此厌恶毁灭，只不过是我们如此努力地追求生命这一事实的另一种表达：我们除了这个意志之外什么也不是，除此之外什么也不知道。
But if we turn our glance from our own needy and embarrassed condition to those who have overcome the world, in whom the will, having attained to perfect self-knowledge, found itself again in all, and then freely denied itself, and who then merely wait to see the last trace of it vanish with the body which it animates; then, instead of the restless striving and effort, instead of the constant transition from wish to fruition, and from joy to sorrow, instead of the never-satisfied and never-dying hope which constitutes the life of the man who wills, we shall see that peace which is above all reason, that perfect calm of the spirit, that deep rest, that inviolable confidence and serenity, the mere reflection of which in the countenance, as Raphael and Correggio have represented it, is an entire and certain gospel; only knowledge remains, the will has vanished.
但是，如果我们把目光从我们自己的贫困和尴尬的境况转向那些已经克服了世界的人，在他们身上，意志已经达到了完美的自我认识，在一切事物中再次发现了自己，然后自由地否定了自己，然后，他们只是等着看它最后的痕迹和它赋予生命的身体一起消失；那么，我们将看到，不再是永不停息的奋斗和努力，不再是从愿望到成果，从快乐到悲伤的不断转变，而不是构成愿意者的生活的永不满足和永不消逝的希望。那种超越一切理性的平静，那种心灵的完美平静，那种深度的休息，那种不可侵犯的信心和平静，正如拉斐尔和科雷乔所描绘的那样，仅仅在脸上反映出来，就是一个完整而确定的福音；只剩下知识了，意志已经消失了。
We look with deep and painful longing upon this state, beside which the misery and wretchedness of our own is brought out clearly by the contrast.
我们怀着深深而痛苦的渴望看待这种状态，而与之相比，我们自己的痛苦和悲惨则通过对比而清晰地显现出来。
Yet this is the only consideration which can afford us lasting consolation, when, on the one hand, we have recognised incurable suffering and endless misery as essential to the manifestation of will, the world; and, on the other hand, see the world pass away with the abolition of will, and retain before us only empty nothingness.
然而，这是唯一能给我们带来持久安慰的考虑，一方面，我们认识到无法治愈的痛苦和无尽的痛苦对于意志和世界的表现至关重要；另一方面，看到世界随着意志的废除而消失，在我们面前只剩下空虚的虚无。
Thus, in this way, by contemplation of the life and conduct of saints, whom it is certainly rarely granted us to meet with in our own experience, but who are brought before our eyes by their written history, and, with the stamp of inner truth, by art, we must banish the dark impression of that nothingness which we discern behind all virtue and holiness as their final goal, and which we fear as children fear the dark; we must not even evade it like the Indians, through myths and meaningless words, such as reabsorption in Brahma or the Nirvana of the Buddhists.
因此，通过这种方式，通过对圣人的生活和行为的沉思，我们在自己的经历中肯定很少见到他们，但他们通过他们的书面历史呈现在我们眼前，并且带有内在的印记。真理，通过艺术，我们必须消除那种虚无的黑暗印象，我们在所有美德和神圣背后将其视为最终目标，我们害怕它，就像孩子们害怕黑暗一样；我们甚至不能像印度人那样通过神话和无意义的词语来逃避它，例如重吸收梵天或佛教徒的涅槃。
Rather do we freely acknowledge that what remains after the entire abolition of will is for all those who are still full of will certainly nothing; but, conversely, to those in whom the will has turned and has denied itself, this our world, which is so real, with all its suns and milky-ways—is nothing.(92)       FOOTNOTES       1 F.
相反，我们坦率地承认，意志完全废除后所剩下的东西，对于所有仍然充满意志的人来说，肯定是一无所有；但是，相反，对于那些意志已经转向并否定自己的人来说，我们这个如此真实的世界，连同它所有的太阳和银河系——什么都不是。(92) 脚注 1 F.
H.
H。
Jacobi.
雅可比。
     2 The Hegelian Philosophy.
 2 黑格尔哲学。
     3 Fichte and Schelling.
 3 费希特和谢林。
     4 Hegel.
 4 黑格尔。
     5 Kant is the only writer who has confused this idea of reason, and in       this connection I refer the reader to the Appendix, and also to my       “Grundprobleme der Ethik”: Grundl.
 5 康德是唯一一位混淆了这种理性观念的作家，在这方面，我请读者参阅附录，以及我的“伦理问题”：Grundl。
dd.
dd。
Moral.
道德。
§ 6, pp.
§ 6，第 14 页。
148-154,       first and second editions.
148-154，第一版和第二版。
     6 Mira in quibusdam rebus verborum proprietas est, et consuetudo       sermonis antiqui quædam efficacissimis notis signat.
 6 Mira in quibusdam rebus verborum proprietas est, et consuetudo sermonis antiqui quædam efficacissimis notis Signat。
_Seneca_,       epist.
_塞内卡_，书信。
81
81
     7 It is shown in the Appendix that matter and substance are one.
 7 附录中表明，物质和物质是一体的。
     8 This shows the ground of the Kantian explanation of matter, that it       is “that which is movable in space,” for motion consists simply in       the union of space and time.
 这表明了康德对物质的解释的基础，即物质是“在空间中可移动的东西”，因为运动仅仅存在于空间和时间的结合中。
     9 Not, as Kant holds, from the knowledge of time, as will be explained       in the Appendix.
 9 正如康德所认为的，并非来自时间知识，正如附录中将解释的那样。
    10 On this see “The Fourfold Root of the Principle of Sufficient       Reason,” § 49.
 10 关于这一点，请参阅“充分理由原则的四重根源”，第 49 节。
    11 The first four chapters of the first of the supplementary books       belong to these seven paragraphs.
 11第一本补充书的前四章属于这七段。
    12 Compare with this paragraph §§ 26 and 27 of the third edition of the       essay on the principle of sufficient reason.
 12 根据充分理由原则，与本文第三版第 §§ 26 和 27 段进行比较。
    13 Cf.
 13 参见。
Ch.
章。
5 and 6 of the Supplement.
补编第 5 条和第 6 条。
    14 Cf.
 14 参见。
Ch.
章。
9 and 10 of the Supplement.
补编第 9 条和第 10 条。
    15 Cf.
 15 比照。
Ch.
章。
11 of Supplement.
11 补充。
    16 I am therefore of opinion that a science of physiognomy cannot, with       certainty, go further than to lay down a few quite general rules.
 16 因此，我认为面相科学肯定只能制定一些相当普遍的规则。
      For example, the intellectual qualities are to be read in the       forehead and the eyes; the moral qualities, the expression of will,       in the mouth and lower part of the face.
例如，智力素质可以从额头和眼睛看出；道德品质，意志的表达，在嘴和脸的下半部分。
The forehead and the eyes       interpret each other; either of them seen alone can only be half       understood.
额头和眼睛互相诠释；单独来看它们中的任何一个都只能理解一半。
Genius is never without a high, broad, finely-arched       brow; but such a brow often occurs where there is no genius.
天才从来都不是没有高而宽阔、拱形的额头；但这样的眉头常常出现在没有天才的地方。
A       clever-looking person may the more certainly be judged to be so the       uglier the face is; and a stupid-looking person may the more       certainly be judged to be stupid the more beautiful the face is; for       beauty, as the approximation to the type of humanity, carries in and       for itself the expression of mental clearness; the opposite is the       case with ugliness, and so forth.
一个人长得聪明，他的脸越难看，就越容易被认为是聪明人。一个看起来很蠢的人，脸越漂亮，就越可能被认为是蠢货。因为美是人类类型的近似，它本身就表达了精神的清晰。丑陋等情况则相反。
    17 Cf.
 17 参见。
Ch.
章。
7 of the Supplement.
7 的补充。
    18 Cf.
 18 参见。
Ch.
章。
8 of Supplement.
8 补充。
    19 Suarez, Disput.
 19 苏亚雷斯，争议。
Metaphysicæ, disp.
形而上学，disp。
iii.
三.
sect.
教派。
3, tit.
3、山雀。
3
3
    20 Cf.
 20 比照。
Ch.
章。
12 of Supplement.
12 补充。
    21 The reader must not think here of Kant’s misuse of these Greek       terms, which is condemned in the Appendix.
 21 读者在此千万不要想到康德对这些希腊术语的误用，这一点在附录中受到了谴责。
    22 Spinoza, who always boasts that he proceeds _more geometrico_, has       actually done so more than he himself was aware.
 22 斯宾诺莎总是吹嘘自己的研究_更多的是几何_，实际上他所做的比他自己意识到的要多。
For what he knew       with certainty and decision from the immediate, perceptive       apprehension of the nature of the world, he seeks to demonstrate       logically without reference to this knowledge.
因为他从对世界本质的直接、敏锐的理解中所确定和决定的知识，他试图在不参考这些知识的情况下进行逻辑论证。
He only arrives at       the intended and predetermined result by starting from arbitrary       concepts framed by himself (_substantia causa sui_, &c.), and in the       demonstrations he allows himself all the freedom of choice for which       the nature of the wide concept-spheres afford such convenient       opportunity.
他只有从自己构建的任意概念（_substantia causa sui_等）出发才能达到预期和预定的结果，并且在演示中，他允许自己拥有所有选择的自由，而广泛的概念领域的本质赋予了这种选择的自由。方便的机会。
That his doctrine is true and excellent is therefore in       his case, as in that of geometry, quite independent of the       demonstrations of it.
因此，他的学说在他的情况下是真实和优秀的，就像在几何学中一样，完全独立于它的论证。
Cf.
比照。
ch.
ch.
13 of supplementary volume.
补充卷13。
    23 Cf.
 23 参见。
Ch.
章。
17 of Supplement.
17 补充。
    24 Omnes perturbationes judicio censent fieri et opinione.
 24 普遍的司法干扰和意见。
Cic.
西克。
Tusc.,       4, 6.
图斯克., 4, 6.
Ταρασσει τους ανθρωπους ου τα πραγματα, αλλα τα περι των       πραγματων δογματα (Perturbant homines non res ipsæ, sed de rebus       opiniones).
它扰乱的是人而不是事物，而是关于事物的教条（Perturbant homines non res ipsæ, sed de rebus Opiniones）。
Epictet., c.
埃皮克泰，c。
v.
v.
    25 Τουτο γαρ εστι το αιτιον τοις ανθρωποις παντων των κακων, το τας       προληψεις τας κοινας μη δυνασθαι εφαρμοξειν ταις επι μερους (Hæc est       causa mortalibus omnium malorum, non posse communes notiones aptare       singularibus).
 25 因为这是人类一切罪恶的根源，而公共部门无法用个人来预防（Hæc est causa mortalibusomnium malorum, non posse communes notiones aptare singleibus）。
Epict.
史诗。
dissert., ii., 26.
论文，二，26。
    26 Cf.
 26 参见。
Ch.
章。
16 of Supplement.
16 补充。
    27 Cf.
 27 参见。
Ch.
章。
xviii.
十八.
of the Supplement.
的补充。
    28 We can thus by no means agree with Bacon if he (De Augm.
 28 因此，如果培根（De Augm.
Scient., L.
科学，L.
      iv.
四.
in fine.) thinks that all mechanical and physical movement of       bodies has always been preceded by perception in these bodies;       though a glimmering of truth lies at the bottom of this false       proposition.
总而言之。）认为身体的所有机械和物理运动总是先于这些身体的感知；尽管这个错误命题的背后隐藏着一丝真理。
This is also the case with Kepler’s opinion, expressed       in his essay _De Planeta Martis_, that the planets must have       knowledge in order to keep their elliptical courses so correctly,       and to regulate the velocity of their motion so that the triangle of       the plane of their course always remains proportional to the time in       which they pass through its base.
开普勒的观点也是如此，他在他的文章《De Planeta Martis》中表达了这一观点，即行星必须拥有知识才能保持其椭圆轨道如此正确，并调节其运动速度，以便其平面的三角形航向始终与它们通过其底部的时间成正比。
    29 Cf.
 29 参见。
Ch.
章。
xix.
十九。
of the Supplement.
的补充。
    30 Cf.
 30 比照。
Ch.
章。
xx.
xx。
of the Supplement, and also in my work, “_Ueber den       Willen in der Natur_,” the chapters on Physiology and Comparative       Anatomy, where the subject I have only touched upon here is fully       discussed.
增刊的内容，以及我的著作“_Ueber den Willen in der Natur_”中有关生理学和比较解剖学的章节，其中充分讨论了我在这里只触及的主题。
    31 This is specially treated in the 27th Ch.
 31 第 27 章对此进行了特殊处理。
of the Supplement.
的补充。
    32 This subject is fully worked out in my prize essay on the freedom of       the will, in which therefore (pp.
32 这个主题在我关于意志自由的获奖论文中得到了充分的阐述，因此（第 32 页）
29-44 of the “Grundprobleme der       Ethik”) the relation of _cause_, _stimulus_, and _motive_ has also       been fully explained.
“Grundprobleme der Ethik”第 29-44 节）“原因”、“刺激”和“动机”之间的关系也得到了充分的解释。
    33 Cf.
 33 参见。
Ch.
章。
xxiii.
二十三.
of the Supplement, and also the Ch.
补编，以及 Ch。
on the physiology       of plants in my work “Ueber den Willen in der Natur,” and the Ch.
我的著作“Ueber den Willen in der Natur”和 Ch.
on       physical astronomy, which is of great importance with regard to the       kernel of my metaphysic.
关于物理天文学，这对于我的形而上学的核心非常重要。
    34 Wenzel, De Structura Cerebri Hominis et Brutorum, 1812, ch.
 34 Wenzel，《De Structura Cerebri Hominis et Brutorum》，1812 年，第 1 章。
iii.;       Cuvier, Leçons d’Anat., comp.
三、；居维叶，Leçons d'Anat.，comp。
leçon 9, arts.
leçon 9，艺术。
4 and 5; Vic.
4和5；维克.
d’Azyr,       Hist.
达济尔，希斯特。
de l’Acad.
德拉阿卡德。
de Sc.
德·斯卡。
de Paris, 1783, pp.
《巴黎》，1783 年，第 174 页。
470 and 483.
470 和 483。
    35 On the 16th of September 1840, at a lecture upon Egyptian Archæology       delivered by Mr.
 35 1840 年 9 月 16 日，在一次埃及考古学讲座上，
Pettigrew at the Literary and Scientific Institute       of London, he showed some corns of wheat which Sir G.
佩蒂格鲁在伦敦文学与科学研究所展示了一些小麦玉米，这是 G.
Wilkinson had       found in a grave at Thebes, in which they must have lain for three       thousand years.
威尔金森在底比斯的一个坟墓中发现了它们，它们肯定已经在里面躺了三千年了。
They were found in an hermetically sealed vase.
它们被发现在一个密封的花瓶中。
Mr.
先生。
      Pettigrew had sowed twelve grains, and obtained a plant which grew       five feet high, and the seeds of which were now quite ripe.—_Times_,       21st September 1840.
佩蒂格鲁播下了十二粒谷子，结果长出一株五英尺高的植物，种子现在已经完全成熟了。——《泰晤士报》，1840 年 9 月 21 日。
In the same way in 1830 Mr.
1830年，先生也以同样的方式。
Haulton produced in       the Medical Botanical Society of London a bulbous root which was       found in the hand of an Egyptian mummy, in which it was probably put       in observance of some religious rite, and which must have been at       least two thousand years old.
豪尔顿在伦敦医学植物学会生产了一种在埃及木乃伊手中发现的球根，它可能是为了遵守某种宗教仪式而放置的，它至少有两千多年的历史。
He had planted it in a flower-pot, in       which it grew up and flourished.
他把它种在花盆里，它在里面长大、繁茂。
This is quoted from the Medical       Journal of 1830 in the Journal of the Royal Institute of Great       Britain, October 1830, p.
这是引自《1830 年医学杂志》的《英国皇家研究所杂志》，1830 年 10 月，第 17 页。
196.—“In the garden of Mr.
196.——“在先生的花园里”
Grimstone of       the Herbarium, Highgate, London, is a pea in full fruit, which has       sprung from a pea that Mr.
伦敦海格特植物标本馆的格林石是一粒结满果实的豌豆，它是从先生的豌豆中长出来的。
Pettigrew and the officials of the       British Museum took out of a vase which had been found in an       Egyptian sarcophagus, where it must have lain 2844 years.”—_Times_,       16th August 1844.
佩蒂格鲁和大英博物馆的官员从埃及石棺中取出了一个花瓶，该花瓶肯定已在其中放置了 2844 年。”——《泰晤士报》，1844 年 8 月 16 日。
Indeed, the living toads found in limestone lead       to the conclusion that even animal life is capable of such a       suspension for thousands of years, if this is begun in the dormant       period and maintained by special circumstances.
事实上，在石灰岩中发现的活蟾蜍得出这样的结论：即使动物的生命也能够如此悬浮数千年，如果这是从休眠期开始并在特殊环境下维持的话。
    36 Cf.
 36 参见。
Chap.
第一章
xxii.
二十二.
of the Supplement, and also my work “Ueber den       Willen in der Natur,” p.
增刊，以及我的作品“Ueber den Willen in der Natur”，第 14 页。
54 _et seq._, and pp.
54 _et seq._，以及第 54 页。
70-79 of the first       edition, or p.
第一版第 70-79 页，或第 70 页。
46 _et seq._, and pp.
46 _et seq._，以及第 46 页。
63-72 of the second, or p.
第二个第 63-72 页，或第 63-72 页。
48       _et seq._, and pp.
48 _et seq._，以及第 48 页。
69-77 of the third edition.
第三版第69-77页。
    37 The Scholastics therefore said very truly: _Causa finalis movet non       secundum suum esse reale, sed secundum esse cognitum._ Cf.
37 因此，经院哲学家非常真实地说：_最终原因其次不影响其真正本质，而其次影响其认知本质。_参见：
Suarez,       Disp.
苏亚雷斯，Disp。
Metaph.
隐喻。
disp.
传播。
xxiii., sec.
第二十三节
7 and 8.
和
    38 Cf.
38 参见。
“Critique of Pure Reason.
《纯粹理性批判》。
Solution of the Cosmological Ideas of       the Totality of the Deduction of the Events in the Universe,” pp.
宇宙事件演绎整体性的宇宙学思想的解答”，第 17 页。
      560-586 of the fifth, and p.
第五页，第 560-586 页，
532 and following of first edition; and       “Critique of Practical Reason,” fourth edition, pp.
第一版 532 及以下；和“实践理性批判”，第四版，第 100-100 页。
169-179;       Rosenkranz’ edition, p.
169-179；罗森克兰兹版，第 14 页。
224 and following.
224 及以下。
Cf.
比照。
my Essay on the       Principle of Sufficient Reason, § 43.
我的《充分理由原则》论文，§43。
    39 Cf.
 39 参见。
“Ueber den Willen in der Natur,” at the end of the section on       Comparative Anatomy.
“Ueber the Will in Nature”，位于比较解剖学部分的末尾。
    40 Cf.
 40 比照。
“Ueber den Willen in der Natur,” the section on Comparative       Anatomy.
“Ueber the Will in Nature”，比较解剖学部分。
    41 Chatin, Sur la Valisneria Spiralis, in the Comptes Rendus de l’Acad.
 41 Chatin，Valisneria Spiralis 南部，Acad 账目中。
      de Sc., No.
科学，编号。
13, 1855.
1855 年 13 日。
    42 Cf.
 42 参见。
Chaps.
章节。
xxvi.
二十六.
and xxvii.
和二十七。
of the Supplement.
的补充。
    43 Cf.
 43 参见。
Chap.
第一章
xxviii.
二十八.
of the Supplement.
的补充。
    44 F.
 44 F。
H.
H。
Jacobi.
雅可比。
    45 See for example, “Immanuel Kant, a Reminiscence, by Fr.
 45 例如，参见“伊曼努尔·康德，《回忆录》，神父。
Bouterweck,”       pg.
鲍特维克，”第 17 页。
49, and Buhle’s “History of Philosophy,” vol.
49，以及布勒的“哲学史”，卷。
vi.
六.
pp.
页数
802-815       and 823.
802-815 和 823。
    46 Cf.
 46 参见。
Chap.
第一章
xxix.
xxix。
of Supplement.
的补充。
    47 I also recommend the perusal of what Spinoza says in his Ethics       (Book II., Prop.
 47 我还建议仔细阅读斯宾诺莎在《伦理学》（第二卷，命题 1）中所说的内容。
40, Schol.
40、学校。
2, and Book V., Props.
2，以及第五册，道具。
25-38),       concerning the _cognitio tertii generis, sive intuitiva_, in       illustration of the kind of knowledge we are considering, and very       specially Prop.
25-38），关于_cognitio tertiigeneris，sive intuitiva_，以说明我们正在考虑的知识类型，特别是Prop。
29, Schol.; prop.
29、学校；支柱。
36, Schol., and Prop.
36，学术和提案。
38, Demonst.
38、恶魔。
      et Schol.
等学校。
    48 Cf.
 48 参见。
Chap.
第一章
xxx.
xxx。
of the Supplement.
的补充。
    49 This last sentence cannot be understood without some acquaintance       with the next book.
 49 如果不熟悉下一本书，就无法理解最后一句话。
    50 Cf.
 50 比照。
Chap.
第一章
xxxi.
xxxi。
of the Supplement.
的补充。
    51 I am all the more delighted and astonished, forty years after I so       timidly and hesitatingly advanced this thought, to discover that it       has already been expressed by St.
51 在我胆怯而犹豫地提出这个想法四十年后，我发现圣约翰已经表达了这一想法，这让我更加高兴和惊讶。
Augustine: _Arbusta formas suas       varias, quibus mundi hujus visibilis structura formosa est,       sentiendas sensibus praebent; ut, pro eo quod_ NOSSE _non possunt,       quasi_ INNOTESCERE _velle videantur_.—_De civ.
奥古斯丁：_Arbusta formas suas varias，quibus mundi hujus visibilis structura formosa est，sentiendas sensibus praebent； ut，pro eo quod_ NOSSE _non possunt，准_ INNOTESCERE _velle videantur_。—_De civ。
Dei, xi._ 27.
德伊，xi._ 27。
    52 Cf.
 52 参见。
Chap.
第一章
35 of Supplement.
35 补充。
    53 Jakob Böhm in his book, “de Signatura Rerum,” ch.
 53 Jakob Böhm 在他的书《de Signatura Rerum》中，第 1 章。
i., § 13-15, says,       “There is nothing in nature that does not manifest its internal form       externally; for the internal continually labours to manifest       itself....
i., § 13-15 说：“自然界中没有什么东西不从外部表现出其内在形式；因为内在不断地努力表现自己......
Everything has its language by which to reveal itself....
一切事物都有它的语言来揭示自己......
      And this is the language of nature when everything speaks out of its       own property, and continually manifests and declares itself, ...
这就是自然的语言，一切事物都以其自身的属性说话，并不断地显现和宣告自己，......
for       each thing reveals its mother, which thus gives _the essence and the       will_ to the form.”     54 The last sentence is the German of the _il n’y a que l’esprit qui       sente l’esprit_, of Helvetius.
因为每一个事物都揭示了它的母亲，从而赋予了形式“本质和意志”。 54 最后一句是赫尔维修 (Helvetius) 的 _il n'y a que l'esprit qui cente l'esprit_ 的德语。
In the first edition there was no       occasion to point this out, but since then the age has become so       degraded and ignorant through the stupefying influence of the       Hegelian sophistry, that some might quite likely say that an       antithesis was intended here between “spirit and nature.” I am       therefore obliged to guard myself in express terms against the       suspicion of such vulgar sophisms.
在第一版中没有机会指出这一点，但从那时起，由于黑格尔诡辩的令人震惊的影响，这个时代已经变得如此堕落和无知，以至于有些人很可能会说，这里有意在“精神与自然”之间进行对立。 ”。因此，我必须明确地保护自己，防止受到这种粗俗诡辩的怀疑。
    55 This digression is worked out more fully in the 36th Chapter of the       Supplement.
 55 这个题外话在补编第 36 章中得到了更充分的阐述。
    56 In order to understand this passage it is necessary to have read the       whole of the next book.
 56 为了理解这段话，有必要阅读下一本书的全部内容。
 _   57 Apparent rari, nantes in gurgite vasto._     58 Cf.
 _ 57 明显的 rari，古尔吉特瓦斯托的南特。_ 58 参见。
Ch.
章。
xxxiv.
三十四.
of Supplement.
的补充。
    59 It is scarcely necessary to say that wherever I speak of poets I       refer exclusively to that rare phenomenon the great true poet.
59 几乎没有必要说，无论我在哪里谈到诗人，我都专指这种罕见的现象——伟大的真正的诗人。
I       mean no one else; least of all that dull insipid tribe, the mediocre       poets, rhymsters, and inventors of fables, that flourishes so       luxuriantly at the present day in Germany.
我指的不是其他人；尤其是当今在德国如此繁荣的那些平庸的诗人、韵律家和寓言发明家。
They ought rather to have       the words shouted in their ears unceasingly from all sides—        _Mediocribus esse poëtis_       _ Non homines, non Dî, non concessere columnæ._        It is worthy of serious consideration what an amount of time—both       their own and other people’s—and paper is lost by this swarm of       mediocre poets, and how injurious is their influence.
他们应该让四面八方不断地在他们耳边喊出这样的话——_Mediocribus esse poëtis__非人类，非Dî，非特许专栏æ._值得认真考虑的是，他们自己和其他人的时间有多少——纸张就被这群平庸的诗人丢掉了，他们的影响是多么有害啊。
For the public       always seizes on what is new, and has naturally a greater proneness       to what is perverse and dull as akin to itself.
因为公众总是抓住新鲜事物，自然更容易接受与自身相似的反常和乏味的事物。
Therefore these       works of the mediocre poets draw it away and hold it back from the       true masterpieces and the education they afford, and thus working in       direct antagonism to the benign influence of genius, they ruin taste       more and more, and retard the progress of the age.
因此，平庸诗人的这些作品使人们远离真正的杰作和它们所提供的教育，从而与天才的良性影响直接对抗，它们越来越破坏品味，阻碍艺术的进步。年龄。
Such poets should       therefore be scourged with criticism and satire without indulgence       or sympathy till they are induced, for their own good, to apply       their muse rather to reading what is good than to writing what is       bad.
因此，这些诗人应该受到批评和讽刺的鞭挞，而不是纵容或同情，直到他们为了自己的利益而被诱导，将他们的缪斯用于阅读好的东西而不是写坏的东西。
For if the bungling of the incompetent so raised the wrath of       the gentle Apollo that he could flay Marsyas, I do not see on what       the mediocre poets will base their claim to tolerance.
因为，如果无能者的笨拙激起了温柔的阿波罗的愤怒，以至于他可以剥掉马尔西亚斯的皮，我看不出平庸的诗人会以什么为基础来声称他们的宽容。
    60 Cf.
 60 比照。
Ch.
章。
xxxviii.
三十八.
of Supplement.
的补充。
    61 Cf.
 61 参见。
Ch.
章。
xxxvii.
三十七.
of the Supplement.
的补充。
    62 Leibnitii epistolæ, collectio Kortholti, ep.
 62 Leibnitii 书信，collectio Kortholti，ep。
154
154
    63 Cf.
 63 参见。
Ch.
章。
xxxix.
xxxix。
of Supplement.
的补充。
    64 The following remark may assist those for whom it is not too subtle       to understand clearly that the individual is only the phenomenon,       not the thing in itself.
64 对于那些不太微妙的人来说，以下评论可能会帮助他们清楚地理解个体只是现象，而不是事物本身。
Every individual is, on the one hand, the       subject of knowing, _i.e._, the complemental condition of the       possibility of the whole objective world, and, on the other hand, a       particular phenomenon of will, the same will which objectifies       itself in everything.
一方面，每个个体都是认识的主体，即整个客观世界的可能性的补充条件；另一方面，每个个体都是一种特定的意志现象，同样的意志将客观世界具体化。一切事物中都有它自己。
But this double nature of our being does not       rest upon a self-existing unity, otherwise it would be possible for       us to be conscious of ourselves _in ourselves, and independent of       the objects of knowledge and will_.
但是我们存在的这种双重本质并不依赖于一个自我存在的统一体，否则我们就有可能在我们自己之中意识到我们自己，并且独立于知识和意志的对象。
Now this is by no means       possible, for as soon as we turn into ourselves to make the attempt,       and seek for once to know ourselves fully by means of introspective       reflection, we are lost in a bottomless void; we find ourselves like       the hollow glass globe, from out of which a voice speaks whose cause       is not to be found in it, and whereas we desired to comprehend       ourselves, we find, with a shudder, nothing but a vanishing spectre.
现在这是不可能的，因为一旦我们转向自己去尝试，并通过内省反思来寻求一次充分的认识自己，我们就会迷失在无底的空虚之中；我们发现自己就像一个空心的玻璃球，从中发出一个声音，而其原因却无法在其中找到，尽管我们想要了解自己，但我们却战栗地发现，除了一个消失的幽灵之外，什么也没有。
    65 “Scholastici docuerunt, quod æternitas non sit temporis sine fine       aut principio successio; sed _Nunc stans_, _i.e._, idem nobis _Nunc       esse_, quod erat _Nunc Adamo_, _i.e._, inter _nunc_ et _tunc_ nullam       esse differentiam.”—Hobbes, Leviathan, c.
 65 “Scholastici docuerunt, quod æternitas non sat temporis sine Fine aut Principio successio; sed _Nunc stans_，_i.e._，同上 _Nunc esse_，quoderat _Nunc Adamo_，_i.e._，inter _nunc_ et _tunc_ nullam esse Differenceiam。”——霍布斯，《利维坦》，c.
46
46
    66 In Eckermann’s “Conversations of Goethe” (vol.
 66 埃克曼的《歌德对话》（第一卷）
i.
我。
p.
p。
161), Goethe       says: “Our spirit is a being of a nature quite indestructible, and       its activity continues from eternity to eternity.
161），歌德说：“我们的精神是一种坚不可摧的存在，它的活动从永恒到永恒。
It is like the       sun, which seems to set only to our earthly eyes, but which, in       reality, never sets, but shines on unceasingly.” Goethe has taken       the simile from me; not I from him.
它就像太阳，在我们肉眼看来似乎只是落下，但实际上它永远不会落下，而是不断地发光。”歌德从我那里借用了这个比喻；不是我从他那里。
Without doubt he used it in this       conversation, which was held in 1824, in consequence of a (possibly       unconscious) reminiscence of the above passage, for it occurs in the       first edition, p.
毫无疑问，他在 1824 年进行的这次谈话中使用了这个词，因为他（可能是无意识的）回忆了上述段落，因为它出现在第一版，第 114 页。
401, in exactly the same words, and it is also       repeated at p.
401，完全相同的话，并且也在 p 处重复。
528 of that edition, as at the close of § 65 of the       present work.
该版本的第 528 节，截至本著作第 65 节结束时。
The first edition was sent to him in December 1818,       and in March 1819, when I was at Naples, he sent me his       congratulations by letter, through my sister, and enclosed a piece       of paper upon which he had noted the places of certain passages       which had specially pleased him.
第一版于 1818 年 12 月寄给他，1819 年 3 月，当我在那不勒斯时，他通过我的妹妹写信向我表示祝贺，并附上一张纸，上面注明了某些段落的位置这让他特别高兴。
Thus he had read my book.
因此他读了我的书。
    67 This is expressed in the Veda by saying, that when a man dies his       sight becomes one with the sun, his smell with the earth, his taste       with water, his hearing with the air, his speech with fire, &c., &c.
67 吠陀经对此有这样的表述：人死后，他的视觉与太阳合一，他的气味与大地合一，他的味觉与水合一，他的听觉与空气合一，他的言语与火合一，等等。
      (Oupnek’hat, vol.
 （《奥普内克哈特》，卷。
i.
我。
p.
p。
249 _et seq._) And also by the fact that, in       a special ceremony, the dying man gives over his senses and all his       faculties singly to his son, in whom they are now supposed to live       on (Oupnek’hat, vol.
249 _et seq._）事实上，在一个特殊的仪式中，垂死的人将他的感官和所有的能力单独交给他的儿子，他们现在应该在儿子身上继续生活（Oupnek'hat，卷。
ii.
二.
p.
p。
82 _et seq._)     68 Cf.
82 _et seq._) 68 参见。
Chap.
第一章
xli.-xliv.
xli.-xliv.
of Supplement.
的补充。
    69 “Critique of Pure Reason,” first edition, pp.
 69 《纯粹理性批判》，第一版，第 17 页。
532-558; fifth       edition, pp.
532-558；第五版，页。
560-586; and “Critique of Practical Reason,” fourth       edition, pp.
560-586；和“实践理性批判”，第四版，第 174 页。
169-179; Rosenkranz’s edition, pp.
169-179；罗森克兰茨的版本，第 17 页。
224-231.
224-231。
    70 Cart.
 70 车。
Medit.
冥想。
4.—Spin.
4.—旋转。
Eth., pt.
埃斯，pt。
ii.
二.
prop.
支柱。
48 et 49, cæt.
48 和 49，cæt。
    71 Herodot.
 71 希罗多。
vii.
七.
46
46
    72 Cf.
 72 参见。
Ch.
章。
xlvi.
四十六.
of Supplement.
的补充。
    73 Cf.
 73 参见。
Ch.
章。
xlv.
xlv。
of the Supplement.
的补充。
    74 Thus the basis of natural right of property does not require the       assumption of two grounds of right beside each other, that based on       _detention_ and that based on _formation_; but the latter is itself       sufficient.
74 因此，自然财产权的基础并不需要假定两个并存的权利理由，即基于_拘留_和基于_形成_；；但后者本身就足够了。
Only the name _formation_ is not very suitable, for the       spending of any labour upon a thing does not need to be a forming or       fashioning of it.
只是“形成”这个名字不太合适，因为在一件事物上花费的任何劳动并不一定是它的成形或塑造。
    75 The further exposition of the philosophy of law here laid down will       be found in my prize-essay, “Ueber das Fundament der Moral,” § 17,       pp.
 75 这里对法哲学的进一步阐述可以在我的获奖论文“Ueber das Fundament der Moral”，§ 17，pp. 17 中找到。
221-230 of 1st ed., pp.
第一版第 221-230 页，第 221-230 页
216-226 of 2d ed.
第 2 版第 216-226 节。
    76 Cf.
 76 参见。
Ch.
章。
xlvii.
四十六.
of Supplement.
的补充。
    77 Oupnek’hat, vol.
 77 奥普内克哈特，卷。
i.
我。
p.
p。
60 et seq.
60 及以下
    78 That Spanish bishop who, in the last war, poisoned both himself and       the French generals at his own table, is an instance of this; and       also various incidents in that war.
78 在上次战争中，西班牙主教在自己的餐桌上毒死了自己和法国将军，他就是一个例子；以及那场战争中的各种事件。
Examples are also to be found in       Montaigne, Bk.
在英国蒙田 (Montaigne) 也能找到这样的例子。
ii.
二.
ch.
ch.
12
12
    79 Observe, in passing, that what gives every positive system of       religion its great strength, the point of contact through which it       takes possession of the soul, is entirely its ethical side.
79 顺便说一句，让每一个积极的宗教体系具有强大的力量，以及它占据灵魂的接触点，完全是其伦理方面。
Not,       however, the ethical side directly as such, but as it appears firmly       united and interwoven with the element of mythical dogma which is       present in every system of religion, and as intelligible only by       means of this.
然而，伦理方面并不是直接如此，而是因为它看起来与神话教条的元素牢固地结合在一起并交织在一起，而神话教条存在于每个宗教体系中，并且只有通过它才能被理解。
So much is this the case, that although the ethical       significance of action cannot be explained in accordance with the       principle of sufficient reason, yet since every mythus follows this       principle, believers regard the ethical significance of action as       quite inseparable, and indeed as absolutely identical, and regard       every attack upon the mythus as an attack upon right and virtue.
情况正是如此，尽管行动的伦理意义无法根据充分理由原则来解释，但由于每个神话都遵循这一原则，所以信徒们认为行动的伦理意义是不可分割的，甚至是绝对相同的。 ，并将对神话的每一次攻击视为对权利和美德的攻击。
      This goes so far that among monotheistic nations atheism or       godlessness has become synonymous with the absence of all morality.
到目前为止，在一神论国家中，无神论或无神论已成为缺乏道德的代名词。
      To the priests such confusions of conceptions are welcome, and only       in consequence of them could that horrible monstrosity fanaticism       arise and govern, not merely single individuals who happen to be       specially perverse and bad, but whole nations, and finally embody       itself in the Western world as the Inquisition (to the honour of       mankind be it said that this only happened once in their history),       which, according to the latest and most authentic accounts, in       Madrid alone (in the rest of Spain there were many more such       ecclesiastical dens of murderers) in 300 years put 300,000 human       beings to a painful death at the stake on theological grounds—a fact       of which every zealot ought to be reminded whenever he begins to       make himself heard.
对于牧师们来说，这种概念上的混乱是受欢迎的，只有它们的结果，可怕的怪物狂热才会出现并统治，不仅是恰好特别乖张和邪恶的个人，而且是整个国家，并最终在西方世界体现出来。作为宗教裁判所（为了人类的荣誉，可以说这在他们的历史上只发生过一次），根据最新和最真实的记载，仅在马德里（在西班牙其他地区还有更多这样的宗教场所）杀人犯）在 300 年内将 300,000 人以神学理由痛苦地钉死在火刑柱上——每个狂热分子在开始表达自己的观点时都应该提醒他这一事实。
    80 The Church would say that these are merely _opera operata_, which do       not avail unless grace gives the faith which leads to the new birth.
 80 教会会说这些只是_opera operata_，除非恩典赐予导致新生的信仰，否则这些都是徒劳的。
      But of this farther on.
但这更进一步。
    81 The right of man over the life and powers of the brutes rests on the       fact that, because with the growing clearness of consciousness       suffering increases in like measure; the pain which the brute       suffers through death or work is not so great as man would suffer by       merely denying himself the flesh, or the powers of the brutes.
81人对畜生的生命和力量的权利取决于这样一个事实：随着意识的日益清晰，痛苦也会相应增加；畜生因死亡或工作而遭受的痛苦，并不如人仅仅否认自己的肉身或畜生的力量所遭受的痛苦那么大。
      Therefore man may carry the assertion of his existence to the extent       of denying the existence of the brute, and the will to live as a       whole endures less suffering in this way than if the opposite course       were adopted.
因此，人可以将自己的存在断言到否认畜生存在的程度，并且作为一个整体的生存意志以这种方式承受的痛苦比采取相反的做法要少。
This at once determines the extent of the use man may       make of the powers of the brutes without wrong; a limit, however,       which is often transgressed, especially in the case of beasts of       burden and dogs used in the chase; to which the activity of       societies for the prevention of cruelty to animals is principally       devoted.
这立刻就决定了人类可以在多大程度上正确地利用野兽的力量。然而，这一限制经常被违反，特别是在使用驮畜和用于狩猎的狗的情况下；防止虐待动物协会的活动主要致力于此。
In my opinion, that right does not extend to vivisection,       particularly of the higher animals.
在我看来，这项权利并不适用于活体解剖，尤其是高等动物。
On the other hand, the insect       does not suffer so much through its death as a man suffers from its       sting.
另一方面，昆虫死亡所带来的痛苦并不像人被它蜇伤所遭受的痛苦那么大。
The Hindus do not understand this.
印度教徒不明白这一点。
    82 As I wander sunk in thought, so strong a sympathy with myself comes       over me that I must often weep aloud, which otherwise I am not wont       to do.
 82 当我沉浸在沉思中时，一种强烈的同情心涌上心头，我不得不经常放声哭泣，否则我是不习惯这样做的。
    83 Cf.
 83 参见。
Ch.
章。
xlvii.
四十六.
of Supplement.
的补充。
It is scarcely necessary to remind the       reader that the whole ethical doctrine given in outline in §§ 61-67       has been explained fully and in detail in my prize-essay on the       foundation of morals.
几乎没有必要提醒读者，第 61-67 节中概述的整个伦理学说已在我关于道德基础的获奖论文中得到了充分而详细的解释。
    84 This thought is expressed by a beautiful simile in the ancient       philosophical Sanscrit writing, “Sankhya Karica:” “Yet the soul       remains a while invested with body; as the potter’s wheel continues       whirling after the pot has been fashioned, by force of the impulse       previously given to it.
 84 这种思想在古代哲学梵文著作《Sankhya Karica》中用一个美丽的比喻来表达：当陶器制成后，陶轮在先前给予它的推动力的作用下继续旋转。
When separation of the informed soul from       its corporeal frame at length takes place and nature in respect of       it ceases, then is absolute and final deliverance accomplished.”       Colebrooke, “On the Philosophy of the Hindus: Miscellaneous Essays,”       vol i.
当知情的灵魂最终与其肉体框架分离并且自然停止时，绝对的、最终的解脱就完成了。”科尔布鲁克，“论印度教徒的哲学：杂文”，第一卷。
p.
p。
271
271
Also in the “Sankhya Karica by Horace Wilson,” § 67,       p.
同样在“Horace Wilson 的 Sankhya Karica”，第 67 页，第 17 页。
184
184
    85 See, for example, “Oupnek’hat, studio Anquetil du Perron,” vol.
 85 例如，参见“Oupnek'hat，Anquetil du Perron 工作室”，第 1 卷。
ii.,       Nos.
ii.，编号。
138, 144, 145, 146.
138、144、145、146。
“Mythologie des Indous,” par Mad.
《疯狂的印度神话》。
de       Polier, vol.
德波利尔，卷。
ii., ch.
第二章
13, 14, 15, 16, 17.
13、14、15、16、17。
“Asiatisches Magazin,” by       Klaproth: in the first volume, “Ueber die Fo-Religion,” also       “Baghnat Geeta” or “Gespräche zwischen Krishna und Arjoon;” in the       second volume, “Moha-Mudgava.” Also, “Institutes of Hindu Law, or       the Ordinances of Manu,” from the Sanscrit, by Sir William Jones       (German by Hüttner, 1797), especially the sixth and twelfth       chapters.
《Asiatisches Magazin》，作者：Klaproth：第一卷《Ueber die Fo-Religion》，也有《Baghnat Geeta》或《Gespräche zwischen Krishna und Arjoon》；在第二卷“Moha-Mudgava”中。另外，威廉·琼斯爵士所著的梵文《印度教法律研究所，或摩努法令》（德语，Hüttner，1797 年），尤其是第六章和第十二章。
Finally, many passages in the “Asiatic Researches.” (In       the last forty years Indian literature has grown so much in Europe,       that if I were now to complete this note to the first edition, it       would occupy several pages.)     86 At the procession of Jagganath in June 1840, eleven Hindus threw       themselves under the wheels, and were instantly killed.
最后，《亚洲研究》中的许多段落。 （在过去的四十年里，印度文学在欧洲有了如此大的发展，如果我现在要完成第一版的这篇注释，它将占据好几页。）86 在 1840 年 6 月的贾加纳特游行中，十一名印度教徒投身自尽。被压在车轮下，当场毙命。
(Letter of       an East Indian proprietor in the _Times_ of 30th December 1840.)     87 On δευτερος πλους cf.
（1840 年 12 月 30 日《泰晤士报》上一位东印度业主的来信。） 87 On δευτερος πλους cf.
Stob.
斯托布。
Floril., vol.
弗洛里尔，卷。
ii.
二.
p.
p。
374
374
    88 Bruckeri Hist.
 88 布鲁克里历史。
Philos., tomi iv.
斐洛斯，托米四世。
pars.
段落。
i.
我。
p.
p。
10
10
    89 Henry VI., Part ii.
 89 亨利六世，第二部分。
act 3, sc.
第 3 幕，sc。
3
3
    90 Cf.
 90 比照。
Ch.
章。
xlviii.
xlviii.
of the Supplement.
的补充。
    91 How truly this is the case may be seen from the fact that all the       contradictions and inconceivabilities contained in the Christian       dogmatics, consistently systematised by Augustine, which have led to       the Pelagian insipidity which is opposed to them, vanish as soon as       we abstract from the fundamental Jewish dogma, and recognize that       man is not the work of another, but of his own will.
[91] 情况确实如此，这一事实可以从以下事实看出：奥古斯丁一贯系统化的基督教教义中所包含的所有矛盾和不可思议的地方，导致了与之相对立的伯拉纠主义的乏味，一旦我们从基督教教义中抽象出来，这些矛盾和不可思议的地方就消失了。犹太教的基本教义，并认识到人不是他人的作品，而是他自己的意志。
Then all is at       once clear and correct: then there is no need of freedom in the       _operari_, for it lies in the _esse_; and there also lies the sin as       original sin.
那么一切就立刻变得清晰和正确了：那么在_operari_中就不需要自由了，因为它存在于_esse_中；还有原罪。
The work of grace is, however, our own.
然而，恩典的工作是我们自己的。
To the       rationalistic point of view of the day, on the contrary, many       doctrines of the Augustinian dogmatics, founded on the New       Testament, appear quite untenable, and indeed revolting; for       example, predestination.
相反，对于当时的理性主义观点来说，建立在新约圣经基础上的奥古斯丁教义学的许多教义显得站不住脚，甚至令人反感。例如，预定。
Accordingly Christianity proper is       rejected, and a return is made to crude Judaism.
因此，基督教本身就被拒绝了，而回到了原始的犹太教。
But the       miscalculation or the original weakness of Christian dogmatics       lies—where it is never sought—precisely in that which is withdrawn       from all investigation as established and certain.
但基督教教义学的误判或最初的弱点就在于——它从未被寻求过——恰恰在于从所有既定和确定的研究中撤回的东西。
Take this away       and the whole of dogmatics is rational; for this dogma destroys       theology as it does all other sciences.
去掉这一点，整个教条学就是理性的。因为这种教条摧毁了神学，正如它摧毁了所有其他科学一样。
If any one studies the       Augustinian theology in the books “_De Civitate Dei_” (especially in       the Fourteenth Book), he experiences something analogous to the       feeling of one who tries to make a body stand whose centre of       gravity falls outside it; however he may turn it and place it, it       always tumbles over again.
如果有人在《De Civitate Dei》（尤其是第十四本书）一书中研究奥古斯丁神学，他就会经历类似于一个人试图让一个重心落在其之外的身体站立的感觉；他的感觉就像一个人试图让重心落在身体之外的身体站立一样。无论他如何转动和放置它，它总是会再次翻倒。
So here, in spite of all the efforts and       sophisms of Augustine, the guilt and misery of the world always       falls back on God, who made everything and everything that is in       everything, and also knew how all things would go.
因此，在这里，尽管奥古斯丁做出了种种努力和诡辩，世界的罪孽和痛苦总是落在上帝身上，上帝创造了一切，万物中存在着一切，也知道万物将如何发展。
That Augustine       himself was conscious of the difficulty, and puzzled by it, I have       already shown in my prize-essay on the Freedom of the Will (ch.
奥古斯丁本人意识到了这个困难，并且对此感到困惑，我已经在我关于意志自由的获奖论文中表明了这一点（第 1 章）。
iv.
四.
      pp.
页数
66-68 of the first and second editions).
第一版和第二版的 66-68）。
In the same way, the       contradiction between the goodness of God and the misery of the       world, and also between the freedom of the will and the       foreknowledge of God, is the inexhaustible theme of a controversy       which lasted nearly a hundred years between the Cartesians,       Malebranche, Leibnitz, Bayle, Clarke, Arnauld, and many others.
同样，上帝的良善与世界的苦难之间的矛盾，以及意志的自由与上帝的预知之间的矛盾，是笛卡尔学派之间持续了近一百年的争论的不竭主题。马勒伯朗士、莱布尼茨、拜尔、克拉克、阿诺德等等。
The       only dogma which was regarded as fixed by all parties was the       existence and attributes of God, and they all unceasingly move in a       circle, because they seek to bring these things into harmony,       _i.e._, to solve a sum that will not come right, but always shows a       remainder at some new place whenever we have concealed it elsewhere.
各方都认为唯一固定的教条是上帝的存在和属性，它们都在不断地绕圈移动，因为它们试图使这些事物变得和谐，即解决一个将不正确，但每当我们将其隐藏在其他地方时，总会在某个新地方显示剩余部分。
      But it does not occur to any one to seek for the source of the       difficulty in the fundamental assumption, although it palpably       obtrudes itself.
但没有人想到去寻找基本假设中困难的根源，尽管它明显地妨碍了自己。
Bayle alone shows that he saw this.
仅贝尔一人就表明他看到了这一点。
    92 This is also just the Prajna—Paramita of the Buddhists, the “beyond       all knowledge,” _i.e._, the point at which subject and object are no       more.
 92 这也是佛家的般若波罗蜜，“超越一切知识”，即主体和客体不再存在的点。
(Cf.
（参见。
J.
J。
J.
J。
Schmidt, “Ueber das Mahajana und       Pratschna-Paramita.”)                            *** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE WORLD AS WILL AND IDEA (VOL.
施密特，“Ueber das Mahajana und Pratschna-Paramita。”）*** 项目结束 古腾堡电子书《世界如意愿和理念》（卷 1）
1 OF 3) ***                 Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will be renamed.
1 OF 3) *** 更新版本将取代之前的版本——旧版本将被重命名。
 Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S.
使用不受美国保护的印刷版创作作品
copyright law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
版权法意味着没有人拥有这些作品的美国版权，因此基金会（和您！）可以在未经许可且无需支付版权使用费的情况下在美国复制和分发这些作品。
Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™ concept and trademark.
本许可的一般使用条款部分中规定的特殊规则适用于复制和分发 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品，以保护 PROJECT GUTENBERG™ 概念和商标。
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use of the Project Gutenberg trademark.
Project Gutenberg 是注册商标，如果您对电子书收费，则不得使用该商标，除非遵守商标许可条款，包括支付使用 Project Gutenberg 商标的版税。
If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very easy.
如果您对本电子书的副本不收取任何费用，那么遵守商标许可就非常容易。
You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
您可以将此电子书用于几乎任何目的，例如创作衍生作品、报告、表演和研究。
Project Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected by U.S.
古腾堡计划电子书可能会被修改、印刷并赠送——您几乎可以在美国使用不受美国保护的电子书做任何事情
copyright law.
版权法。
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
再分发须遵守商标许可，尤其是商业再分发。
  START: FULL LICENSE  THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE  PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK  To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license.
开始：完整许可 完整的古腾堡项目许可 请在分发或使用本作品之前阅读本内容 通过使用或分发本作品（或以任何方式相关的任何其他作品），以保护古腾堡™项目促进电子作品免费分发的使命包含“Project Gutenberg”），即表示您同意遵守本文件或 www.gutenberg.org/license 上提供的完整 Project Gutenberg™ 许可证的所有条款。
 Section 1.
第 1 节。
General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works  1.A.
一般使用条款和再分发 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品 1.A.
By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™ electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
通过阅读或使用本古腾堡计划™电子作品的任何部分，您表明您已阅读、理解、同意并接受本许可和知识产权（商标/版权）协议的所有条款。
If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession.
如果您不同意遵守本协议的所有条款，您必须停止使用并归还或销毁您拥有的古腾堡计划电子作品的所有副本。
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
如果您为获取古腾堡计划™电子作品的副本或访问权限支付了费用，并且您不同意受本协议条款的约束，您可以从您支付费用的个人或实体处获得退款如第 1.E.8 段所述。
 1.B.
 1.B.
“Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark.
“古腾堡计划”是注册商标。
It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
它只能由同意受本协议条款约束的人在电子作品上使用或以任何方式与电子作品相关联。
There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
即使不遵守本协议的全部条款，您也可以对大多数古腾堡计划™电子作品执行一些操作。
See paragraph 1.C below.
参见下文第 1.C 段。
There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™ electronic works.
如果您遵守本协议的条款并帮助保留未来对 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品的免费访问，您可以使用 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品做很多事情。
See paragraph 1.E below.
参见下文第 1.E 段。
 1.C.
 1.C.
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works.
古腾堡计划文学档案基金会（“基金会”或 PGLAF）拥有古腾堡计划™电子作品集的汇编版权。
Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.
馆藏中几乎所有的个人作品均属于美国的公共领域。
If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.
如果个别作品不受美国版权法的保护，并且您位于美国，我们不主张有权阻止您复制、分发、表演、展示或创建基于该作品的衍生作品，只要所有对古腾堡计划的引用都被删除。
Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™ works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work.
当然，我们希望您能够按照本协议条款自由共享 Project Gutenberg™ 作品，以支持 Project Gutenberg™ 促进免费获取电子作品的使命，以保持 Project Gutenberg™ 名称与作品相关联。
You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when you share it without charge with others.
当您与他人免费共享本作品时，您可以轻松地遵守本协议的条款，方法是保持本作品与其附加的完整 Project Gutenberg™ 许可证相同的格式。
 1.D.
 1.D。
The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
您所在地区的版权法也管辖您可以对本作品进行的操作。
Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
大多数国家的版权法都处于不断变化的状态。
If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg™ work.
如果您在美国境外，请在下载、复制、展示、执行、分发或创建基于本作品或任何其他古腾堡™项目作品的衍生作品之前，除了本协议的条款之外，还应检查您所在国家/地区的法律。
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the United States.
基金会对美国以外任何国家的任何作品的版权状况不作任何陈述。
 1.E.
 1.E.
Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:  1.E.1.
除非您删除了所有对古腾堡计划的引用：1.E.1。
The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed:      This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most     other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions     whatsoever.
每当 Project Gutenberg™ 作品的任何副本（任何出现“Project Gutenberg”短语的作品，或带有短语“古腾堡计划”相关）被访问、显示、执行、查看、复制或分发：本电子书可供美国和世界大多数其他地区的任何人免费使用，几乎没有任何限制。
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms     of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online     at www.gutenberg.org.
您可以根据本电子书或 www.gutenberg.org 中包含的古腾堡项目许可条款复制、赠送或重新使用它。
If you     are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws     of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
如果您不在美国，则在使用本电子书之前必须先检查您所在国家/地区的法律。
   1.E.2.
 1.E.2。
If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is derived from texts not protected by U.S.
如果个别古腾堡计划™电子作品源自不受美国保护的文本
copyright law (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.
版权法（不包含表明其发布已获得版权所有者许可的通知），该作品可以复制并分发给美国的任何人，而无需支付任何费用或收费。
If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™ trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
如果您要重新分发或提供对与该作品相关或出现在该作品中的“古腾堡计划”短语的作品，您必须遵守第 1.E.1 至 1.E.7 段的要求，或者获得该作品的许可。按照第 1.E.8 或 1.E.9 段的规定使用作品和 Project Gutenberg™ 商标。
 1.E.3.
 1.E.3。
If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.
如果单个 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品在版权所有者的许可下发布，您的使用和分发必须遵守第 1.E.1 至 1.E.7 段以及版权所有者施加的任何附加条款。
Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
对于经本作品开头版权所有者许可发布的所有作品，附加条款将链接到 Project Gutenberg™ 许可证。
 1.E.4.
 1.E.4。
Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™ License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.
请勿从本作品或包含本作品或与 Project Gutenberg™ 相关的任何其他作品的任何文件中取消链接、分离或删除完整的 Project Gutenberg™ 许可条款。
 1.E.5.
 1.E.5。
Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg™ License.
请勿复制、展示、执行、分发或重新分发本电子作品或本电子作品的任何部分，除非突出显示第 1.E.1 段中规定的句子以及活动链接或立即访问项目的完整条款古腾堡™许可证。
 1.E.6.
 1.E.6。
You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
您可以以任何二进制、压缩、标记、非专有或专有形式转换和分发本作品，包括任何文字处理或超文本形式。
However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website (www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other form.
但是，如果您以“Plain Vanilla ASCII”以外的格式或在古腾堡计划™ 官方网站 (www.gutenberg.org) 上发布的官方版本中使用的其他格式提供对古腾堡™ 计划作品的访问或分发副本，您必须在不向用户产生额外费用、费用或开支的情况下，以原始“Plain Vanilla ASCII”或其他形式提供作品的副本、导出副本的方法或根据要求获取副本的方法。
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
任何替代格式必须包含第 1.E.1 段中指定的完整 Project Gutenberg™ 许可证。
 1.E.7.
 1.E.7。
Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
除非您遵守第 1.E.8 或 1.E.9 段，否则不得对访问、查看、展示、表演、复制或分发任何古腾堡™ 项目作品收取费用。
 1.E.8.
 1.E.8。
You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works provided that:      • You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from         the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method         you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.
您可以对 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品的副本、提供访问权限或分发 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品收取合理的费用，前提是： • 您支付使用费为使用该方法计算的使用 Project Gutenberg™ 作品所获得毛利润的 20%。您已用于计算适用的税费。
The fee is owed         to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has         agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project         Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
该费用应支付给 Project Gutenberg™ 商标的所有者，但他已同意根据本段将版税捐赠给 Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation。
Royalty payments must be paid         within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are         legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns.
特许权使用费必须在您准备（或法律要求准备）定期纳税申报表之日起 60 天内支付。
Royalty         payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project         Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in         Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg         Literary Archive Foundation.”          • You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies         you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he         does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™         License.
版税付款应明确标记，并按照第 4 节“有关向古腾堡文学档案基金会捐款的信息”中指定的地址发送至古腾堡文学档案基金会。 • 如果用户在收到后30 天内以书面形式（或通过电子邮件）通知您他/她不同意完整的Project Gutenberg™ 许可证的条款，则您将全额退款。
You must require such a user to return or destroy all         copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue         all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™         works.
您必须要求此类用户归还或销毁物理介质中拥有的所有作品副本，并停止对古腾堡计划™作品的其他副本的所有使用和访问。
         • You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of         any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the         electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of         receipt of the work.
 • 如果在收到作品后 90 天内发现并报告给您电子作品中的缺陷，则根据第 1.F.3 段，您将全额退还为作品或替换副本支付的任何款项。
         • You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free         distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
• 您遵守本协议的所有其他条款，以免费分发Project Gutenberg™ 作品。
      1.E.9.
 1.E.9。
If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark.
如果您希望以与本协议中规定不同的条款收费或分发古腾堡计划™电子作品或作品组，您必须获得古腾堡计划文学档案基金会（古腾堡计划的管理者）的书面许可™ 商标。
Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
按照下面第 3 节中的规定联系基金会。
 1.F.
 1.F.
 1.F.1.
 1.F.1。
Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread works not protected by U.S.
古腾堡计划的志愿者和员工花费大量精力来识别、研究、转录和校对不受美国保护的作品
copyright law in creating the Project Gutenberg™ collection.
创建 Project Gutenberg™ 收藏的版权法。
Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.
尽管做出了这些努力，古腾堡计划™电子作品及其存储介质可能包含“缺陷”，例如但不限于不完整、不准确或损坏的数据、转录错误、版权或其他知识产权侵权、有缺陷或损坏的磁盘或其他介质、计算机病毒或损坏您的设备或您的设备无法读取的计算机代码。
 1.F.2.
 1.F.2。
LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.
有限保证、免责声明 - 除第 1.F.3 段中所述的“更换或退款权利”外，古腾堡计划文学档案基金会、古腾堡计划™商标的所有者以及分发古腾堡计划的任何其他方™ 本协议下的电子作品，不承担任何损害、成本和费用（包括法律费用）的责任。
YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3.
您同意，除第 1.F.3 段中规定的情况外，您对疏忽、严格责任、违反保证或违反合同没有任何补救措施。
YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
您同意基金会、商标所有者和本协议项下的任何经销商不会对您的实际、直接、间接、后果性、惩罚性或附带损害承担责任，即使您已通知此类损害的可能性。
 1.F.3.
 1.F.3。
LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.
有限更换或退款权利 - 如果您在收到该电子作品后 90 天内发现该电子作品存在缺陷，您可以通过向您收到该电子作品的人发送书面解释来获得您支付的款项（如果有）的退款。工作从.
If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
如果您收到物理介质上的作品，您必须退回介质并附上书面解释。
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
向您提供有缺陷的作品的个人或实体可以选择提供替换副本来代替退款。
If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
如果您以电子方式收到作品，则向您提供该作品的个人或实体可能会选择为您提供第二次以电子方式接收作品的机会，以代替退款。
If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
如果第二份副本也有缺陷，您可以书面要求退款，而没有进一步解决问题的机会。
 1.F.4.
 1.F.4。
Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
除第 1.F.3 段中规定的有限更换或退款权利外，本作品按“原样”提供给您，不提供任何其他明示或暗示的保证，包括但不限于以下保证：适销性或适用于任何目的。
 1.F.5.
 1.F.5。
Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
某些州不允许对某些默示保证作出免责声明或排除或限制某些类型的损害。
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
如果本协议中规定的任何免责声明或限制违反了适用于本协议的州法律，则本协议应解释为做出了适用的州法律所允许的最大限度的免责声明或限制。
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
本协议任何条款的无效或不可执行并不影响其余条款。
 1.F.6.
 1.F.6。
INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
赔偿 - 您同意对基金会、商标所有者、基金会的任何代理人或雇员、根据本协议提供 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品副本的任何人以及与制作、推广和发行相关的任何志愿者进行赔偿并予以追究。 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品，不承担因您进行或导致发生以下任何行为而直接或间接产生的所有责任、成本和费用，包括法律费用：(a) 分发本作品或任何 Project Gutenberg™ 作品， (b) 对任何 Project Gutenberg™ 作品进行更改、修改或添加或删除，以及 (c) 您造成的任何缺陷。
 Section 2.
第 2 节。
Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™  Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
关于 Project Gutenberg™ 使命的信息 Project Gutenberg™ 是以最广泛的计算机（包括过时的、旧的、中年的和新的计算机）可读的格式免费分发电子作品的代名词。
It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
它的存在得益于数百名志愿者的努力和各界人士的捐款。
 Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
志愿者和为志愿者提供所需帮助的财务支持对于实现古腾堡计划™ 的目标以及确保古腾堡计划™ 藏品将继续免费供子孙后代使用至关重要。
In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future generations.
2001 年，古腾堡计划文学档案基金会成立，旨在为古腾堡计划™ 和子孙后代提供安全和永久的未来。
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.
要了解有关古腾堡文学档案基金会项目的更多信息以及您的努力和捐赠如何提供帮助，请参阅第 3 节和第 4 节以及 www.gutenberg.org 上的基金会信息页面。
 Section 3.
第 3 节。
Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
有关古腾堡文学档案基金会的信息 古腾堡文学档案基金会是一家根据密西西比州法律组建的非营利性 501(c)(3) 教育公司，并获得国税局授予的免税地位。
The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.
基金会的 EIN 或联邦税务识别号是 64-6221541。
Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S.
对古腾堡文学档案基金会项目的捐款可在美国允许的最大范围内免税
federal laws and your state’s laws.
联邦法律和您所在州的法律。
 The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887.
基金会的业务办公室位于 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887。
Email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact  Section 4.
电子邮件联系链接和最新联系信息可在基金会网站和官方页面 www.gutenberg.org/contact 第 4 部分找到。
Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
有关古腾堡项目捐赠的信息 古腾堡文学档案基金会项目古腾堡™ 依赖于广泛的公众支持和捐赠，以履行其增加公共领域和许可作品数量的使命，这些作品可以以机器可读的形式免费分发，而没有广泛的公众支持和捐赠就无法生存。通过最广泛的设备，包括过时的设备。
Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.
许多小额捐款（1 至 5,000 美元）对于维持 IRS 的免税地位特别重要。
 The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
基金会致力于遵守美国所有 50 个州的慈善机构和慈善捐赠法律。
Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
合规性要求并不统一，需要付出相当大的努力、大量文书工作和大量费用才能满足和跟上这些要求。
We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
我们不会在未收到合规书面确认的地点募集捐款。
To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate.
要发送捐款或确定任何特定州的合规状态，请访问 www.gutenberg.org/donate。
 While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.
虽然我们不能也不会向未达到募集要求的州募集捐款，但据我们所知，在这些州向我们提出捐款意愿的捐助者并没有禁止接受其主动捐款。
 International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the United States.
我们非常乐意接受国际捐款，但我们无法就从美国境外收到的捐款的税务处理做出任何声明。
U.S.
我们
laws alone swamp our small staff.
仅靠法律就淹没了我们的小规模员工。
 Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
请查看古腾堡计划网页，了解当前的捐赠方式和地址。
Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
捐款可以通过多种其他方式接受，包括支票、在线支付和信用卡捐款。
To donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate.
如需捐赠，请访问：www.gutenberg.org/donate。
 Section 5.
第 5 节。
General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works  Professor Michael S.
关于 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品的一般信息 Michael S.
Hart was the originator of the Project Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
Hart 是古腾堡计划 (Project Gutenberg™) 概念的创始人，该概念是一个可以与任何人自由共享的电子作品图书馆。
For forty years, he produced and distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
四十年来，他仅在松散的志愿者支持网络下制作和发行了 Project Gutenberg™ 电子书。
 Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the U.S.
古腾堡计划™ 电子书通常由多个印刷版本创建，所有这些版本都被确认在美国不受版权保护
unless a copyright notice is included.
除非包含版权声明。
Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
因此，我们不一定使电子书符合任何特定的纸质版本。
 Most people start at our website which has the main PG search facility: www.gutenberg.org.
大多数人都是从我们的网站开始的，该网站具有主要的 PG 搜索功能：www.gutenberg.org。
 This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™, including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
该网站包含有关古腾堡计划™的信息，包括如何向古腾堡文学档案基金会捐款、如何帮助制作我们的新电子书，以及如何订阅我们的电子邮件通讯以了解新电子书。
