SOCIETY AND SOLITUDE
社会与孤独
I fell in with a humorist, on my travels, who had in his chamber a cast of the Rondanini Medusa, and who assured me that the name which that fine work of art bore in the catalogues was a misnomer, as he was convinced that the sculptor who carved it intended it for Memory, the mother of the Muses.
在我的旅行中，我遇到了一位幽默作家，他的房间里有一个龙达尼尼美杜莎的模型，他向我保证，目录中那件精美的艺术品的名称是用词不当，因为他确信雕刻它的雕塑家是为了纪念缪斯之母记忆而雕刻的。
In the conversation that followed, my new friend made some extraordinary confessions.
在接下来的谈话中，我的新朋友做了一些非同寻常的坦白。
“Do you not see,” he said, “the penalty of learning, and that each of these scholars whom you have met at S----, though he were to be the last man, would, like the executioner in Hood’s poem, guillotine the last but one?” He added many lively remarks, but his evident earnestness engaged my attention, and, in the weeks that followed, we became better acquainted.
“你难道没有看到，”他说，“学习的惩罚，以及你在 S 遇到的每一位学者，尽管他是最后一个人，但都会像胡德诗中的刽子手一样，断头台是最后一个吗？他补充了许多生动的言论，但他明显的认真引起了我的注意，在接下来的几周里，我们变得更加熟悉。
He had good abilities, a genial temper, and no vices; but he had one defect,--he could not speak in the tone of the people.
他能力很好，脾气和蔼，没有任何恶习。但他有一个缺点，那就是他不能用人们的语气说话。
There was some paralysis on his will, such that, when he met men on common terms, he spoke weakly, and from the point, like a flighty girl.
他的意志有些麻痹，以至于当他与男人用普通话见面时，他说话的声音很弱，从这一点上看，就像一个轻浮的女孩。
His consciousness of the fault made it worse.
他对错误的认识使情况变得更糟。
He envied every drover and lumberman in the tavern their manly speech.
他羡慕酒馆里每一个赶牛人和伐木工的男子气概。
He coveted Mirabeau’s _don terrible de la familiarité_, believing that he whose sympathy goes lowest is the man from whom kings have the most to fear.
他垂涎米拉波的“可怕的熟悉感”，相信同情心最低的人是国王最害怕的人。
For himself, he declared that he could not get enough alone to write a letter to a friend.
对于他自己来说，他宣称他无法独自一人给朋友写信。
He left the city; he hid himself in pastures.
他离开了这座城市；他躲在牧场里。
The solitary river was not solitary enough; the sun and moon put him out.
孤独的河流还不够孤独；太阳和月亮把他赶走了。
When he bought a house, the first thing he did was to plant trees.
当他买了房子后，他做的第一件事就是植树。
He could not enough conceal himself.
他无法隐藏自己。
Set a hedge here; set oaks there,--trees behind trees; above all, set evergreens, for they will keep a secret all the year round.
在这里设置树篱；在那里种植橡树——树后有树；最重要的是，种植常青树，因为它们可以全年保守秘密。
The most agreeable compliment you could pay him was, to imply that you had not observed him in a house or a street where you had met him.
你能给予他的最令人愉快的赞美就是暗示你没有在你遇见他的房子或街道上观察过他。
Whilst he suffered at being seen where he was, he consoled himself with the delicious thought of the inconceivable number of places where he was not.
虽然他因自己所在的地方被人看到而感到痛苦，但他却用自己不在的地方的美妙想法来安慰自己。
All he wished of his tailor was to provide that sober mean of color and cut which would never detain the eye for a moment.
他只希望他的裁缝能提供一种朴素的颜色和剪裁，永远不会吸引人们的目光。
He went to Vienna, to Smyrna, to London.
他去了维也纳、士麦那、伦敦。
In all the variety of costumes, a carnival, a kaleidoscope of clothes, to his horror he could never discover a man in the street who wore anything like his own dress.
在各种各样的服装中，狂欢节，万花筒般的衣服，让他惊恐的是，他在街上永远找不到一个穿着像他自己衣服的人。
He would have given his soul for the ring of Gyges.
为了盖吉斯之戒，他愿意献出自己的灵魂。
His dismay at his visibility had blunted the fears of mortality.
他对自己的可见度感到沮丧，这减轻了他对死亡的恐惧。
“Do you think,” he said, “I am in such great terror of being shot,--I, who am only waiting to shuffle off my corporeal jacket, to slip away into the back stars, and put diameters of the solar system and sidereal orbits between me and all souls,--there to wear out ages in solitude, and forget memory itself, if it be possible?” He had a remorse running to despair, of his social _gaucheries_, and walked miles and miles to get the twitchings out of his face, the starts and shrugs out of his arms and shoulders.
“你认为吗，”他说，“我非常害怕被枪杀——我只是等着脱下我的肉体夹克，溜进后面的星星，并把太阳系的直径以及我和所有灵魂之间的恒星轨道——在那里度过孤独的岁月，忘记记忆本身，如果可能的话？他对自己的社交行为感到懊悔至绝望，他走了好几英里，才摆脱了脸上的抽搐、手臂和肩膀上的惊慌和耸肩。
God may forgive sins, he said, but awkwardness has no forgiveness in heaven or earth.
他说，上帝可能会宽恕罪恶，但天上地下都不会宽恕尴尬。
He admired in Newton, not so much his theory of the moon, as his letter to Collins, in which he forbade him to insert his name with the solution of the problem in the “Philosophical Transactions”: “It would perhaps increase my acquaintance, the thing which I chiefly study to decline.” These conversations led me somewhat later to the knowledge of similar cases, and to the discovery that they are not of very infrequent occurrence.
他钦佩牛顿，与其说是他的月球理论，不如说是他给柯林斯的信，信中他禁止牛顿在《哲学汇刊》中插入自己的名字和问题的解决方案：“这也许会增加我的认识，我主要研究的是拒绝的东西。”这些谈话后来让我了解了类似的案例，并发现它们并不少见。
Few substances are found pure in nature.
自然界中很少有物质是纯净的。
Those constitutions which can bear in open day the rough dealing of the world must be of that mean and average structure,--such as iron and salt, atmospheric air, and water.
那些能够在开放的日子里承受世界的粗暴对待的构成必须具有那种平均和普通的结构，例如铁和盐、大气和水。
But there are metals, like potassium and sodium, which, to be kept pure, must be kept under naphtha.
但有些金属，如钾和钠，为了保持纯净，必须将其保存在石脑油中。
Such are the talents determined on some specialty, which a culminating civilization fosters in the heart of great cities and in royal chambers.
这些人才是在某些专业上决定的，是在大城市的中心和王室中培养的顶级文明。
Nature protects her own work.
大自然保护她自己的作品。
To the culture of the world, an Archimedes, a Newton is indispensable; so she guards them by a certain aridity.
世界文化，少不了一个阿基米德，一个牛顿；所以她以某种干涩的方式守护着它们。
If these had been good fellows, fond of dancing, port, and clubs, we should have had no “Theory of the Sphere,” and no “Principia.” They had that necessity of isolation which genius feels.
如果这些人都是好人，喜欢跳舞、喝葡萄酒和俱乐部，我们就不会有“球体理论”，也不会有“原理”。他们有天才所感受到的那种孤立的必要性。
Each must stand on his glass tripod, if he would keep his electricity.
如果要保留电力，每个人都必须站在自己的玻璃三脚架上。
Even Swedenborg, whose theory of the universe is based on affection, and who reprobates to weariness the danger and vice of pure intellect, is constrained to make an extraordinary exception: “There are also angels who do not live consociated, but separate, house and house; these dwell in the midst of heaven, because they are the best of angels.” We have known many fine geniuses with that imperfection that they cannot do anything useful, not so much as write one clean sentence.
即使是斯威登堡，他的宇宙理论是建立在情感基础上的，他对纯粹智力的危险和罪恶进行了令人厌烦的谴责，也不得不做出一个非凡的例外：“也有一些天使不是联合生活的，而是分开生活的，房子;他们住在天堂之中，因为他们是最好的天使。”我们知道许多优秀的天才都有这样的缺陷：他们不能做任何有用的事情，甚至不能写出一个干净的句子。
’Tis worse, and tragic, that no man is fit for society who has fine traits.
更糟糕、更悲惨的是，没有一个拥有优良品质的人不适合社会。
At a distance, he is admired; but bring him hand to hand, he is a cripple.
远远地，他受到钦佩；但如果把他拉到手边，他就是个瘸子。
One protects himself by solitude, and one by courtesy, and one by an acid, worldly manner,--each concealing how he can the thinness of his skin and his incapacity for strict association.
一个人通过孤独来保护自己，一个人通过礼貌来保护自己，一个人通过尖刻、世俗的方式来保护自己——每一个都掩盖了他如何能够保护自己的皮肤薄弱和他无法进行严格的交往。
But there is no remedy that can reach the heart of the disease, but either habits of self-reliance that should go in practice to making the man independent of the human race, or else a religion of love.
但没有任何治疗方法可以治愈疾病的核心，除了应该实践使人独立于人类之外的自力更生的习惯，或者爱的宗教。
Now he hardly seems entitled to marry; for how can he protect a woman, who cannot protect himself? We pray to be conventional.
现在他似乎几乎没有资格结婚了；因为他怎么能保护一个连自己都保护不了的女人呢？我们祈祷保持传统。
But the wary Heaven takes care you shall not be, if there is anything good in you.
但如果你有什么好的品质，警惕的上天就会照顾你。
Dante was very bad company, and was never invited to dinner.
但丁是个很糟糕的伙伴，从来没有被邀请去吃饭。
Michel Angelo had a sad, sour time of it.
米开朗基罗度过了一段悲伤而痛苦的时光。
The ministers of beauty are rarely beautiful in coaches and saloons.
车厢里、酒馆里的美女部长很少是漂亮的。
Columbus discovered no isle or key so lonely as himself.
哥伦布发现没有哪个岛屿或岛屿比他自己更孤独。
Yet each of these potentates saw well the reason of his exclusion.
然而，这些当权者中的每一位都清楚地看到了他被排除在外的原因。
Solitary was he? Why, yes; but his society was limited only by the amount of brain Nature appropriated in that age to carry on the government of the world.
他是孤独的吗？为什么是;但他的社会仅受到那个时代用来管理世界的大脑数量的限制。
“If I stay,” said Dante, when there was question of going to Rome, “who will go? and if I go, who will stay?” But the necessity of solitude is deeper than we have said, and is organic.
“如果我留下来，”但丁在谈到去罗马的问题时说道，“谁会去呢？如果我走了，谁会留下来？”但独处的必要性比我们所说的更深刻，而且是有机的。
I have seen many a philosopher whose world is large enough for only one person.
我见过很多哲学家，他们的世界足够大，只容得下一个人。
He affects to be a good companion; but we are still surprising his secret, that he means and needs to impose his system on all the rest.
他假装是一个好伙伴；但我们仍然对他的秘密感到惊讶，他意味着并且需要将他的制度强加给所有其他人。
The determination of each is _from_ all the others, like that of each tree up into free space.
每个树的决定都是从所有其他决定的，就像每棵树进入自由空间的决定一样。
’Tis no wonder, when each has his whole head, our societies should be so small.
难怪，当每个人都有他的整个头脑时，我们的社会会如此之小。
Like President Tyler, our party falls from us every day, and we must ride in a sulky at last.
就像泰勒总统一样，我们的党每天都在离我们而去，最后我们必须闷闷不乐地骑行。
Dear heart! take it sadly home to thee,--there is no co-operation.
心肝宝贝！悲伤地把它带回家吧——没有合作。
We begin with friendships, and all our youth is a reconnoitring and recruiting of the holy fraternity they shall combine for the salvation of men.
我们从友谊开始，我们所有的青春都是对神圣兄弟会的侦察和招募，他们将为了拯救人类而联合起来。
But so the remoter stars seem a nebula of united light; yet there is no group which a telescope will not resolve, and the dearest friends are separated by impassable gulfs.
但如此遥远的恒星似乎是一个联合光的星云；然而，没有任何群体是望远镜无法分辨的，最亲爱的朋友之间也有不可逾越的鸿沟。
The co-operation is involuntary, and is put upon us by the Genius of Life, who reserves this as a part of his prerogative.
这种合作是非自愿的，是由生命的天才强加给我们的，他将其保留为他特权的一部分。
’Tis fine for us to talk, we sit and muse, and are serene and complete; but the moment we meet with anybody, each becomes a fraction.
我们可以交谈，坐下来沉思，平静而完整；但当我们与任何人见面的那一刻，每个人都变成了一小部分。
Though the stuff of tragedy and of romances is in a moral union of two superior persons, whose confidence in each other for long years, out of sight, and in sight, and against all appearances, is at last justified by victorious proof of probity to gods and men, causing joyful emotions, tears and glory,--though there be for heroes this _moral union_, yet, they, too, are as far off as ever from an intellectual union, and the moral union is for comparatively low and external purposes, like the co-operation of a ship’s company or of a fire-club.
尽管悲剧和浪漫故事的内容是两个优秀人物的道德结合，他们多年来对彼此的信任，无论是在视线之外，还是在视线内，尽管表面上看起来如此，但最终还是通过诚实的胜利证明是合理的。诸神与人类，引起欢乐的情感、泪水和荣耀，——虽然英雄存在这种道德联盟，但他们也一如既往地远离智力联盟，而道德联盟是相对低级和外在的。目的，例如与船舶公司或消防俱乐部的合作。
But how insular and pathetically solitary are all the people we know! Nor dare they tell what they think of each other, when they meet in the street.
但我们认识的人都是多么孤立和可悲的孤独啊！当他们在街上相遇时，他们也不敢说出对彼此的看法。
We have a fine right, to be sure, to taunt men of the world with superficial and treacherous courtesies! Such is the tragic necessity which strict science finds underneath our domestic and neighborly life, irresistibly driving each adult soul as with whips into the desert, and making our warm covenants sentimental and momentary.
诚然，我们有权利用肤浅而奸诈的礼节来奚落世人！这就是严格的科学在我们的家庭和邻里生活中发现的悲剧性的必然性，不可抗拒地将每个成年人的灵魂像鞭子一样驱赶到沙漠中，使我们温暖的契约变得感伤而短暂。
We must infer that the ends of thought were peremptory, if they were to be secured at such ruinous cost.
我们必须推断，如果要以如此毁灭性的代价来实现思想的目的，那么它们就是强制性的。
They are deeper than can be told, and belong to the immensities and eternities.
它们比我们所能描述的更深，属于无限和永恒。
They reach down to that depth where society itself originates and disappears,--where the question is, Which is first, man or men?--where the individual is lost in his source.
它们深入到社会本身起源和消失的深度——问题在于，人还是人，哪一个是第一？——个体迷失在他的源头中。
But this banishment to the rocks and echoes no metaphysics can make right or tolerable.
但这种放逐到岩石上的做法是任何形而上学都无法纠正或容忍的。
This result is so against nature, such a half-view, that it must be corrected by a common sense and experience.
这个结果是如此违背自然，是一种半途而废的观点，必须用常识和经验来纠正。
“A man is born by the side of his father, and there he remains.” A man must be clothed with society, or we shall feel a certain bareness and poverty, as of a displaced and unfurnished member.
“一个人出生在他父亲的身边，他也将永远留在那里。”一个人必须融入社会，否则我们就会感到某种赤裸和贫穷，就像一个流离失所、衣不蔽体的成员一样。
He is to be dressed in arts and institutions, as well as in body-garments.
他不仅要穿着紧身衣，还要穿着艺术和机构服装。
Now and then a man exquisitely made can live alone, and must; but coop up most men, and you undo them.
有时，一个精巧的人可以独自生活，而且必须如此；但大多数人都被关起来了，然后你就解散了他们。
“The king lived and ate in his hall with men, and understood men,” said Selden.
“国王在他的大厅里与人一起生活和吃饭，并且理解人，”塞尔登说。
When a young barrister said to the late Mr.
当一位年轻的大律师对已故的先生说
Mason, “I keep my chamber to read law,”--“Read law!” replied the veteran, “’tis in the court-room you must read law.” Nor is the rule otherwise for literature.
梅森，“我在我的房间里读法律，”——“读法律！”老兵回答说：“在法庭上你必须读法律。”对于文学来说，也没有其他规则。
If you would learn to write, ’tis in the street you must learn it.
如果你想学习写作，你就必须在街上学习。
Both for the vehicle and for the aims of fine arts, you must frequent the public square.
无论是为了交通工具还是为了艺术的目的，你都必须经常去公共广场。
The people, and not the college, is the writer’s home.
作家的家是人民，而不是大学。
A scholar is a candle which the love and desire of all men will light.
学者是一支蜡烛，所有人的爱和愿望都会点燃它。
Never his lands or his rents, but the power to charm the disguised soul that sits veiled under this bearded and that rosy visage is his rent and ration.
不是他的土地或他的租金，而是吸引隐藏在他的胡须和玫瑰色面容下的伪装灵魂的力量，这就是他的租金和口粮。
His products are as needful as those of the baker or the weaver.
他的产品与面包师或织布工的产品一样需要。
Society cannot do without cultivated men.
社会离不开有教养的人。
As soon as the first wants are satisfied, the higher wants become imperative.
一旦第一个需求得到满足，更高的需求就变得势在必行。
’Tis hard to mesmerize ourselves, to whip our own top; but through sympathy we are capable of energy and endurance.
迷惑自己、鞭打自己是很困难的；但通过同情，我们就有能力和耐力。
Concert fires people to a certain fury of performance they can rarely reach alone.
音乐会激发人们的表演激情，他们很难独自达到这种程度。
Here is the use of society: it is so easy with the great to be great; so easy to come up to an existing standard;--as easy as it is to the lover to swim to his maiden through waves so grim before.
这就是社会的用途：与伟人在一起很容易成为伟人；达到现有的标准是如此容易；——就像情人穿过以前如此严峻的波浪游向他的少女一样容易。
The benefits of affection are immense; and the one event which never loses its romance is the encounter with superior persons on terms allowing the happiest intercourse.
感情的好处是巨大的；而最不失浪漫的一件事就是与上等人的邂逅，并在条件允许的情况下进行最幸福的交往。
It by no means follows that we are not fit for society, because _soirées_ are tedious, and because the _soirée_ finds us tedious.
这绝不意味着我们不适合社会，因为晚会很乏味，而且晚会也让我们觉得乏味。
A backwoodsman, who had been sent to the university, told me that, when he heard the best-bred young men at the law-school talk together, he reckoned himself a boor; but whenever he caught them apart, and had one to himself alone, then they were the boors, and he the better man.
一位被送到大学的边远地区的人告诉我，当他听到法学院最有教养的年轻人在一起谈话时，他认为自己是个粗人；但每当他把他们分开，单独拥有一个时，他们就是粗野的人，而他就是更好的人。
And if we recall the rare hours when we encountered the best persons, we then found ourselves, and then first society seemed to exist.
如果我们回忆一下我们遇到最好的人的罕见时光，然后我们发现了自己，然后第一个社会似乎就存在了。
That was society, though in the transom of a brig, or on the Florida Keys.
这就是社会，尽管是在双桅船的横梁上，或者在佛罗里达群岛上。
A cold, sluggish blood thinks it has not facts enough to the purpose, and must decline its turn in the conversation.
冷漠、迟缓的血液认为自己没有足够的事实来达到目的，因此必须拒绝参与谈话。
But they who speak have no more,--have less.
但那些说话的人已经没有更多了——只有更少了。
’Tis not new facts that avail, but the heat to dissolve everybody’s facts.
有用的不是新事实，而是消解每个人事实的热度。
Heat puts you in right relation with magazines of facts.
热度让你与事实杂志建立正确的关系。
The capital defect of cold, arid natures is the want of animal spirits.
寒冷、干旱的大自然的最大缺陷是缺乏动物精神。
They seem a power incredible, as if God should raise the dead.
它们似乎具有令人难以置信的力量，就好像上帝应该让死人复活一样。
The recluse witnesses what others perform by their aid, with a kind of fear.
隐士看到别人在他们的帮助下所做的事情，带着一种恐惧。
It is as much out of his possibility as the prowess of Cœur de Lion, or an Irishman’s day’s-work on the railroad.
这就像狮子之心的力量，或者爱尔兰人在铁路上的日常工作一样，超出了他的可能性。
’Tis said, the present and the future are always rivals.
据说，现在和未来永远是对手。
Animal spirits constitute the power of the present, and their feats are like the structure of a pyramid.
动物精神构成了当下的力量，它们的功绩就像金字塔的结构。
Their result is a lord, a general, or a boon companion.
他们的结果是领主、将军或恩惠伙伴。
Before these, what a base mendicant is Memory with his leathern badge! But this genial heat is latent in all constitutions, and is disengaged only by the friction of society.
在这些之前，带着皮革徽章的记忆是多么卑鄙的乞丐啊！但这种和蔼可亲的热情潜藏在所有体质中，只有在社会摩擦时才会消失。
As Bacon said of manners, “To obtain them, it only needs not to despise them,” so we say of animal spirits, that they are the spontaneous product of health and of a social habit.
正如培根在谈到礼仪时所说的那样，“要获得它们，只需不要轻视它们”，所以我们在谈到动物精神时说，它们是健康和社会习惯的自发产物。
“For behavior, men learn it, as they take diseases, one of another.” But the people are to be taken in very small doses.
“对于行为，人们是在学习一种疾病时习得的。”但人们应以非常小的剂量服用。
If solitude is proud, so is society vulgar.
如果说孤独是骄傲的话，那么社会也是粗俗的。
In society, high advantages are set down to the individual as disqualifications.
在社会中，个人的高优势被视为不合格。
We sink as easily as we rise, through sympathy.
由于同情心，我们很容易沉沦，也很容易崛起。
So many men whom I know are degraded by their sympathies, their native aims being high enough, but their relation all too tender to the gross people about them.
我认识的许多人都因同情心而受到贬低，他们的本性目标足够高，但他们与周围粗俗的人的关系却过于温和。
Men cannot afford to live together on their merits, and they adjust themselves by their demerits,--by their love of gossip, or by sheer tolerance and animal good-nature.
人们不能靠自己的优点生活在一起，而是通过自己的缺点来调整自己——通过他们对八卦的热爱，或者通过纯粹的宽容和动物般的善良本性。
They untune and dissipate the brave aspirant.
它们扰乱并驱散了勇敢的追求者。
The remedy is, to reinforce each of these moods from the other.
补救办法是，强化这些情绪中的每一种。
Conversation will not corrupt us, if we come to the assembly in our own garb and speech, and with the energy of health to select what is ours and reject what is not.
如果我们穿着自己的服装和演讲来到集会，并带着健康的能量来选择属于我们的东西并拒绝不属于我们的东西，那么谈话就不会腐蚀我们。
Society we must have; but let it be society, and not exchanging news, or eating from the same dish.
我们必须有社会；但就让它成为社会吧，不要交换消息，也不要吃同一道菜。
Is it society to sit in one of your chairs? I cannot go to the houses of my nearest relatives, because I do not wish to be alone.
坐在你的一把椅子上就是社会吗？我不能去我最近的亲戚家，因为我不想一个人呆着。
Society exists by chemical affinity, and not otherwise.
社会是通过化学亲和力而存在的，而不是其他方式。
Put any company of people together with freedom for conversation, and a rapid self-distribution takes place, into sets and pairs.
将任何一群人放在一起，自由交谈，就会发生快速的自我分配，分成几组和几对。
The best are accused of exclusiveness.
最优秀的人被指责排他性。
It would be more true to say, they separate as oil from water, as children from old people, without love or hatred in the matter, each seeking his like; and any interference with the affinities would produce constraint and suffocation.
更确切地说，他们就像油和水、小孩和老人一样，没有爱和恨，各求各的；任何对亲缘的干扰都会产生束缚和窒息。
All conversation is a magnetic experiment.
所有的谈话都是一个磁性实验。
I know that my friend can talk eloquently; you know that he cannot articulate a sentence: we have seen him in different company.
我知道我的朋友能说会道；你知道他无法说出一句话：我们在不同的公司见过他。
Assort your party, or invite none.
安排您的聚会，或者不邀请任何人。
Put Stubbs and Coleridge, Quintilian and Aunt Miriam, into pairs, and you make them all wretched.
把斯塔布斯和柯勒律治、昆体良和米里亚姆姨妈放在一起，你就会让他们都变得可怜。
’Tis an extempore Sing-Sing built in a parlor.
这是在客厅里临时搭建的“Sing-Sing”。
Leave them to seek their own mates, and they will be as merry as sparrows.
让它们去寻找自己的伴侣，它们会像麻雀一样快乐。
A higher civility will re-establish in our customs a certain reverence which we have lost.
更高的文明程度将在我们的习俗中重新建立我们已经失去的某种尊重。
What to do with these brisk young men who break through all fences, and make themselves at home in every house? I find out in an instant if my companion does not want me, and ropes cannot hold me when my welcome is gone.
对于这些冲破一切栅栏、家家户户都自在的活泼年轻人，该怎么办呢？我立刻就知道我的同伴是否不需要我，当我不再受到欢迎时，绳索也无法束缚我。
One would think that the affinities would pronounce themselves with a surer reciprocity.
人们可能会认为，这种密切关系会以一种更确定的互惠方式表现出来。
Here again, as so often, Nature delights to put us between extreme antagonisms, and our safety is in the skill with which we keep the diagonal line.
在这里，正如经常发生的那样，大自然很乐意将我们置于极端的对抗之中，而我们的安全就在于我们保持对角线的技巧。
Solitude is impracticable, and society fatal.
孤独是行不通的，社会是致命的。
We must keep our head in the one and our hands in the other.
我们必须把头放在一边，双手放在另一边。
The conditions are met, if we keep our independence, yet do not lose our sympathy.
如果我们保持独立性，但又不失去同情心，那么这些条件就满足了。
These wonderful horses need to be driven by fine hands.
这些美妙的马匹需要有一双巧手来驾驭。
We require such a solitude as shall hold us to its revelations when we are in the street and in palaces; for most men are cowed in society, and say good things to you in private, but will not stand to them in public.
我们需要这样一种孤独，当我们在街上和在宫殿里时，这样的孤独能让我们领悟到它的启示。因为大多数男人在社会上都感到畏惧，私下里对你说好话，但在公共场合却不会容忍他们。
But let us not be the victims of words.
但我们不要成为言语的受害者。
Society and solitude are deceptive names.
社会和孤独都是骗人的名字。
It is not the circumstance of seeing more or fewer people, but the readiness of sympathy, that imports; and a sound mind will derive its principles from insight, with ever a purer ascent to the sufficient and absolute right, and will accept society as the natural element in which they are to be applied.
重要的不是见到的人多或少，而是愿意同情。一个健全的头脑将从洞察力中得出其原则，并不断纯粹地提升到充分和绝对的权利，并将接受社会作为应用这些原则的自然要素。
CIVILIZATION.
文明。
CIVILIZATION.
文明。
A certain degree of progress from the rudest state in which man is found,--a dweller in caves, or on trees, like an ape,--a cannibal, and eater of pounded snails, worms, and offal,--a certain degree of progress from this extreme is called Civilization.
人类从最原始的状态（像猿一样住在山洞里或树上，是食人者，以捣碎的蜗牛、蠕虫和内脏为食）取得了一定程度的进步，从这个极端进步的程度称为文明。
It is a vague, complex name, of many degrees.
这是一个含糊、复杂的名字，涉及多个层面。
Nobody has attempted a definition.
没有人尝试给出定义。
Mr.
先生。
Guizot, writing a book on the subject, does not.
基佐写了一本关于这个主题的书，但他没有。
It implies the evolution of a highly organized man, brought to supreme delicacy of sentiment, as in practical power, religion, liberty, sense of honor, and taste.
它意味着一个高度组织化的人的进化，在情感上达到了极致的细腻，如实际权力、宗教、自由、荣誉感和品味。
In the hesitation to define what it is, we usually suggest it by negations.
在犹豫定义它是什么时，我们通常会通过否定来暗示它。
A nation that has no clothing, no iron, no alphabet, no marriage, no arts of peace, no abstract thought, we call barbarous.
一个没有衣服、没有铁、没有字母、没有婚姻、没有和平艺术、没有抽象思想的国家，我们称之为野蛮。
And after many arts are invented or imported, as among the Turks and Moorish nations, it is often a little complaisant to call them civilized.
在许多艺术被发明或引进之后，就像在土耳其人和摩尔人民族中一样，称它们为文明往往有些恭维。
Each nation grows after its own genius, and has a civilization of its own.
每个民族都有自己的天赋，都有自己的文明。
The Chinese and Japanese, though each complete in his way, is different from the man of Madrid or the man of New York.
中国人和日本人虽然各自都有自己的方式，但与马德里人或纽约人不同。
The term imports a mysterious progress.
这个术语带来了一种神秘的进步。
In the brutes is none; and in mankind to-day the savage tribes are gradually extinguished rather than civilized.
畜生中没有；当今人类中，野蛮部落并未逐渐文明化，而是逐渐消失。
The Indians of this country have not learned the white man’s work; and in Africa, the negro of to-day is the negro of Herodotus.
这个国家的印第安人还没有学会白人的工作；在非洲，今天的黑人就是希罗多德的黑人。
In other races the growth is not arrested; but the like progress that is made by a boy “when he cuts his eye-teeth,” as we say,--childish illusions passing daily away, and he seeing things really and comprehensively,--is made by tribes.
在其他种族中，生长并没有停止；但是，正如我们所说，一个男孩“当他长出牙齿时”所取得的类似进步——幼稚的幻想每天都会消失，他能够真实而全面地看待事物——是由部落取得的。
It is the learning the secret of cumulative power, of advancing on one’s self.
这是学习累积力量、自我进步的秘密。
It implies a facility of association, power to compare, the ceasing from fixed ideas.
它意味着联想的便利性、比较的能力以及摆脱固定观念的能力。
The Indian is gloomy and distressed when urged to depart from his habits and traditions.
当印度人被要求背离自己的习惯和传统时，他们会感到沮丧和苦恼。
He is overpowered by the gaze of the white, and his eye sinks.
他被白色的目光压倒，目光沉了下去。
The occasion of one of these starts of growth is always some novelty that astounds the mind, and provokes it to dare to change.
这些成长开始的契机总是一些令人震惊的新奇事物，并激发它敢于改变。
Thus there is a Cadmus, a Pytheas, a Manco Capac at the beginning of each improvement,--some superior foreigner importing new and wonderful arts, and teaching them.
因此，在每项改进的开始，都会有一个卡德摩斯、一个皮西亚斯、一个曼科·卡帕克——一些优秀的外国人引进新的、奇妙的艺术，并教授它们。
Of course, he must not know too much, but must have the sympathy, language, and gods of those he would inform.
当然，他不能知道太多，但必须有他要告知的人的同情心、语言和神。
But chiefly the sea-shore has been the point of departure to knowledge, as to commerce.
但主要是海岸是知识和商业的出发点。
The most advanced nations are always those who navigate the most.
最先进的国家总是那些航海最多的国家。
The power which the sea requires in the sailor makes a man of him very fast, and the change of shores and population clears his head of much nonsense of his wigwam.
海洋对水手的力量要求使他很快成为一个人，海岸和人口的变化使他头脑中的棚屋中的许多废话都被清除了。
Where shall we begin or end the list of those feats of liberty and wit, each of which feats made an epoch of history? Thus, the effect of a framed or stone house is immense on the tranquillity, power, and refinement of the builder.
我们应该从哪里开始或结束这些自由和智慧的壮举，其中每一项壮举都创造了一个历史纪元？因此，框架或石头房屋对建造者的宁静、力量和精致有着巨大的影响。
A man in a cave or in a camp, a nomad, will die with no more estate than the wolf or the horse leaves.
一个人在山洞或营地里，一个游牧民族，死后所拥有的财产不会比狼或马的叶子多。
But so simple a labor as a house being achieved, his chief enemies are kept at bay.
但是，像建造一座房子这样简单的工作就完成了，他的主要敌人却被拒之门外。
He is safe from the teeth of wild animals, from frost, sun-stroke, and weather; and fine faculties begin to yield their fine harvest.
他可以安全地免受野生动物的牙齿伤害、霜冻、中暑和天气的影响；优秀的才能开始结出丰硕的果实。
Invention and art are born, manners and social beauty and delight.
发明和艺术是天生的，礼仪和社会是美和快乐的。
’Tis wonderful how soon a piano gets into a log-hut on the frontier.
一架钢琴很快就搬进了边境的小木屋，真是太棒了。
You would think they found it under a pine-stump.
你可能会认为他们是在松树桩下发现的。
With it comes a Latin grammar,--and one of those tow-head boys has written a hymn on Sunday.
随之而来的是拉丁文语法，——其中一个金发男孩在周日写了一首赞美诗。
Now let colleges, now let senates take heed! for here is one who, opening these fine tastes on the basis of the pioneer’s iron constitution, will gather all their laurels in his strong hands.
现在让大学、参议院注意吧！因为这个人，在先驱者钢铁般的体质的基础上开启了这些美好的品味，他将把所有的桂冠都握在他强有力的手中。
When the Indian trail gets widened, graded, and bridged to a good road, there is a benefactor, there is a missionary, a pacificator, a wealth-bringer, a maker of markets, a vent for industry.
当印度的小道拓宽、分级并架起一条好路时，就会有一个恩人、一个传教士、一个安抚者、一个财富带来者、一个市场创造者、一个工业的发泄者。
Another step in civility is the change from war, hunting, and pasturage to agriculture.
文明的另一步是从战争、狩猎、畜牧业向农业的转变。
Our Scandinavian forefathers have left us a significant legend to convey their sense of the importance of this step.
我们的斯堪的纳维亚祖先给我们留下了一个重要的传说，以表达他们对这一步骤重要性的认识。
“There was once a giantess who had a daughter, and the child saw a husbandman ploughing in the field.
“从前有一个女巨人，她有一个女儿，孩子看到一个农夫在田里犁地。
Then she ran and picked him up with her finger and thumb, and put him and his plough and his oxen into her apron, and carried them to her mother, and said, ‘Mother, what sort of a beetle is this that I found wriggling in the sand?’ But the mother said, ‘Put it away, my child; we must begone out of this land, for these people will dwell in it.’” Another success is the post-office, with its educating energy augmented by cheapness and guarded by a certain religious sentiment in mankind; so that the power of a wafer or a drop of wax or gluten to guard a letter, as it flies over sea, over land, and comes to its address as if a battalion of artillery brought it, I look upon as a fine metre of civilization.
然后她跑过去，用手指和拇指把他抱起来，把他、他的犁和牛放进她的围裙里，抱到她妈妈那里，说：“妈妈，我发现这只蠕动的甲虫是什么？”在沙子中？'但母亲说：“把它收起来，我的孩子；我们必须离开这片土地，因为这些人将居住在其中。”另一个成功是邮局，它的教育能量因廉价而增强，并受到人类某种宗教情感的保护；因此，一块威化饼、一滴蜡或面筋的力量来保护一封信，当它飞越海洋、越过陆地，到达它的地址时，就好像一个营的大炮把它带来一样，我把它看作是一米长的细线。文明。
The division of labor, the multiplication of the arts of peace, which is nothing but a large allowance to each man to choose his work according to his faculty,--to live by his better hand,--fills the State with useful and happy laborers; and they, creating demand by the very temptation of their productions, are rapidly and surely rewarded by good sale: and what a police and ten commandments their work thus becomes.
劳动分工，和平艺术的多元化，无非是给每个人很大的津贴，让他们根据自己的才能选择自己的工作，靠自己更好的双手生活，使国家充满有用和幸福的人。劳工；他们通过其产品的诱惑创造需求，并迅速而肯定地获得良好的销售回报：他们的工作因此变得多么警察和十诫啊。
So true is Dr.
博士也是如此。
Johnson’s remark that “men are seldom more innocently employed than when they are making money.” The skilful combinations of civil government, though they usually follow natural leadings, as the lines of race, language, religion, and territory, yet require wisdom and conduct in the rulers, and in their result delight the imagination.
约翰逊说：“男人在赚钱的时候最天真无邪。”文官政府的巧妙组合，虽然通常遵循自然的引导，如种族、语言、宗教和领土的界线，但需要统治者的智慧和行为，其结果令人浮想联翩。
“We see insurmountable multitudes obeying, in opposition to their strongest passions, the restraints of a power which they scarcely perceive, and the crimes of a single individual marked and punished at the distance of half the earth.”[A] Right position of woman in the State is another index.
“我们看到难以逾越的群众服从于他们最强烈的激情，他们几乎察觉不到的权力的限制，以及一个人的罪行在半个地球的距离上被标记和惩罚。”[A] 妇女的正确地位在该州是另一个指数。
Poverty and industry with a healthy mind read very easily the laws of humanity, and love them: place the sexes in right relations of mutual respect, and a severe morality gives that essential charm to woman which educates all that is delicate, poetic, and self-sacrificing, breeds courtesy and learning, conversation and wit, in her rough mate; so that I have thought a sufficient measure of civilization is the influence of good women.
贫穷和勤奋加上健康的心灵很容易理解人类的法则，并热爱它们：将两性置于相互尊重的正确关系中，严格的道德赋予女性本质的魅力，教育一切精致、诗意和自我——牺牲，在她粗鲁的伴侣身上孕育了礼貌和学识、谈话和智慧；所以我认为，良好女性的影响力是文明的充分衡量标准。
Another measure of culture is the diffusion of knowledge, overrunning all the old barriers of caste, and, by the cheap press, bringing the university to every poor man’s door in the newsboy’s basket.
文化的另一个衡量标准是知识的传播，超越了所有旧有的种姓障碍，并通过廉价的媒体，将大学带到了报童篮子里的每个穷人的家门口。
Scraps of science, of thought, of poetry are in the coarsest sheet, so that in every house we hesitate to burn a newspaper until we have looked it through.
科学、思想、诗歌的残片都藏在最粗糙的纸片里，因此，在每家每户，我们都会犹豫是否要烧掉报纸，直到我们把它看完。
The ship, in its latest complete equipment, is an abridgment and compend of a nation’s arts: the ship steered by compass and chart,--longitude reckoned by lunar observation and by chronometer,--driven by steam; and in wildest sea-mountains, at vast distances from home, “The pulses of her iron heart Go beating through the storm.” No use can lessen the wonder of this control, by so weak a creature, of forces so prodigious.
这艘船配备了最新的全套设备，是一个国家艺术的缩编和概括：这艘船由指南针和海图驾驶，通过月球观测和天文钟计算经度，由蒸汽驱动；在最狂野的海山里，在离家很远的地方，“她铁石心肠的脉搏在风暴中跳动。”如此弱小的生物，对如此巨大的力量的控制力，没有什么可以减弱的。
I remember I watched, in crossing the sea, the beautiful skill whereby the engine in its constant working was made to produce two hundred gallons of fresh water out of salt-water, every hour,--thereby supplying all the ship’s want.
我记得在横渡大海的过程中，我看到了发动机在不断工作的情况下每小时从盐水中产生两百加仑淡水的美妙技巧，从而满足了船上的所有需求。
The skill that pervades complex details; the man that maintains himself; the chimney taught to burn its own smoke; the farm made to produce all that is consumed on it; the very prison compelled to maintain itself and yield a revenue, and, better still, made a reform school, and a manufactory of honest men out of rogues, as the steamer made fresh water out of salt,--all these are examples of that tendency to combine antagonisms, and utilize evil, which is the index of high civilization.
渗透复杂细节的技巧；维护自己的人；烟囱教自己燃烧烟雾；农场是为了生产其所消耗的一切而建造的；监狱本身就被迫维持自身并产生收入，而且，更好的是，它建立了一所感化学校，并从流氓中培养出诚实的人，就像轮船用盐制成淡水一样，所有这些都是例子倾向结合对抗、利用邪恶，这是高度文明的标志。
Civilization is the result of highly complex organization.
文明是高度复杂的组织的结果。
In the snake, all the organs are sheathed; no hands, no feet, no fins, no wings.
蛇的所有器官都被包裹着；没有手，没有脚，没有鳍，没有翅膀。
In bird and beast, the organs are released, and begin to play.
鸟类和野兽的器官被释放，并开始玩耍。
In man, they are all unbound, and full of joyful action.
在人类身上，它们都是无拘无束的，充满欢乐的行动。
With this unswaddling he receives the absolute illumination we call Reason, and thereby true liberty.
通过摆脱襁褓，他获得了我们称之为理性的绝对启发，从而获得了真正的自由。
Climate has much to do with this melioration.
气候与这种改善有很大关系。
The highest civility has never loved the hot zones.
最高的文明程度从来不喜欢热点地区。
Wherever snow falls, there is usually civil freedom.
凡是下雪的地方，通常都有公民自由。
Where the banana grows, the animal system is indolent and pampered at the cost of higher qualities: the man is sensual and cruel.
在香蕉生长的地方，动物系统是懒惰和纵容的，以牺牲更高的品质为代价：男人是肉欲和残酷的。
But this scale is not invariable.
但这个规模并不是一成不变的。
High degrees of moral sentiment control the unfavorable influences of climate; and some of our grandest examples of men and of races come from the equatorial regions,--as the genius of Egypt, of India, and of Arabia.
高度的道德情操可以控制气候的不利影响；我们人类和种族的一些最伟大的例子来自赤道地区，如埃及、印度和阿拉伯的天才。
These feats are measures or traits of civility; and temperate climate is an important influence, though not quite indispensable, for there have been learning, philosophy, and art in Iceland, and in the tropics.
这些壮举是文明的措施或特征；温带气候是一个重要的影响，尽管不是完全不可或缺，因为冰岛和热带地区一直存在着学习、哲学和艺术。
But one condition is essential to the social education of man, namely, morality.
但人的社会教育必须有一个条件，那就是道德。
There can be no high civility without a deep morality, though it may not always call itself by that name, but sometimes the point of honor, as in the institution of chivalry; or patriotism, as in the Spartan and Roman republics; or the enthusiasm of some religious sect which imputes its virtue to its dogma; or the cabalism, or _esprit de corps_, of a masonic or other association of friends.
没有深厚的道德，就不可能有高度的文明，尽管它并不总是这样称呼自己，但有时是为了荣誉，就像在骑士制度中一样；或爱国主义，如斯巴达和罗马共和国；或者某些宗教派别的热情，将其美德归因于其教义；或共济会或其他朋友协会的阴谋主义或_esprit de corps_。
The evolution of a highly-destined society must be moral; it must run in the grooves of the celestial wheels.
一个高度注定的社会的进化必须是道德的；它必须在天轮的凹槽中运行。
It must be catholic in aims.
它的目标必须是天主教的。
What is _moral_? It is the respecting in action catholic or universal ends.
什么是_道德_？这是在行动中尊重天主教或普遍的目标。
Hear the definition which Kant gives of moral conduct: “Act always so that the immediate motive of thy will may become a universal rule for all intelligent beings.” Civilization depends on morality.
听听康德对道德行为的定义：“始终行动，使你的意志的直接动机成为所有聪明人的普遍规则。”文明取决于道德。
Everything good in man leans on what is higher.
人的一切美好事物都依赖于更高的事物。
This rule holds in small as in great.
这条规则无论大小都适用。
Thus, all our strength and success in the work of our hands depend on our borrowing the aid of the elements.
因此，我们双手工作的所有力量和成功都取决于我们借用自然的帮助。
You have seen a carpenter on a ladder with a broad-axe chopping upward chips from a beam.
你见过一个木匠在梯子上用宽斧从横梁上砍下木屑。
How awkward! at what disadvantage he works! But see him on the ground, dressing his timber under him.
多么尴尬啊！他是在多么不利的条件下工作的！但请看他躺在地上，将木材铺在身下。
Now, not his feeble muscles, but the force of gravity brings down the axe; that is to say, the planet itself splits his stick.
现在，不是他软弱的肌肉，而是重力将斧头击倒了；也就是说，地球本身劈开了他的棍子。
The farmer had much ill-temper, laziness, and shirking to endure from his hand-sawyers, until one day he bethought him to put his saw-mill on the edge of a waterfall; and the river never tires of turning his wheel: the river is good-natured, and never hints an objection.
农夫忍受着手锯工人的脾气暴躁、懒惰和偷懒，直到有一天，他想到要把他的锯木厂建在瀑布边上。河流不知疲倦地转动着他的轮子：河流是善良的，从不表示反对。
We had letters to send: couriers could not go fast enough, nor far enough; broke their wagons, foundered their horses; bad roads in spring, snow-drifts in winter, heats in summer; could not get the horses out of a walk.
我们有信件要寄：快递员走得不够快，也走得不够远；他们的马车坏了，马匹沉没了；春天路不好，冬天积雪，夏天炎热；无法让马停止散步。
But we found out that the air and earth were full of Electricity; and always going our way,--just the way we wanted to send.
但我们发现空气和地球充满了电；并始终按照我们的方式行事——就是我们想要发送的方式。
_Would he take a message?_ Just as lief as not; had nothing else to do; would carry it in no time.
_他会接受消息吗？_ 说谎与不说一样；没有别的事可做；很快就会携带它。
Only one doubt occurred, one staggering objection,--he had no carpet-bag, no visible pockets, no hands, not so much as a mouth, to carry a letter.
只有一个疑问出现了，一个令人震惊的反对意见——他没有手提袋，没有明显的口袋，没有手，甚至没有一张嘴来携带一封信。
But, after much thought and many experiments, we managed to meet the conditions, and to fold up the letter in such invisible compact form as he could carry in those invisible pockets of his, never wrought by needle and thread,--and it went like a charm.
但是，经过深思熟虑和多次实验，我们设法满足了条件，并将信折叠成一种看不见的紧凑形式，就像他可以随身携带在那些看不见的口袋里一样，从来没有用针和线制作过，——然后它就过去了。就像一个魅力。
I admire still more than the saw-mill the skill which, on the sea-shore, makes the tides drive the wheels and grind corn, and which thus engages the assistance of the moon, like a hired hand, to grind, and wind, and pump, and saw, and split stone, and roll iron.
我比锯木厂更欣赏这种技术，在海边，它使潮汐驱动车轮并磨碎玉米，从而像雇工一样利用月亮的帮助来磨碎和风力，泵、锯、劈石、滚铁。
Now that is the wisdom of a man, in every instance of his labor, to hitch his wagon to a star, and see his chore done by the gods themselves.
这就是一个人的智慧，在他的每一次劳动中，把他的马车拴在一颗星星上，然后看着众神亲自完成他的家务。
That is the way we are strong, by borrowing the might of the elements.
这就是我们通过借用元素的力量而变得强大的方式。
The forces of steam, gravity, galvanism, light, magnets, wind, fire, serve us day by day, and cost us nothing.
蒸汽、重力、电流、光、磁力、风、火等力量日复一日地为我们服务，而且不需要我们付出任何代价。
Our astronomy is full of examples of calling in the aid of these magnificent helpers.
我们的天文学充满了向这些伟大的助手求助的例子。
Thus, on a planet so small as ours, the want of an adequate base for astronomical measurements is early felt, as, for example, in detecting the parallax of a star.
因此，在像我们这样小的行星上，人们很早就感觉到需要一个足够的天文测量基础，例如在检测恒星的视差时。
But the astronomer, having by an observation fixed the place of a star, by so simple an expedient as waiting six months, and then repeating his observation, contrived to put the diameter of the earth’s orbit, say two hundred millions of miles, between his first observation and his second, and this line afforded him a respectable base for his triangle.
但是天文学家通过观察确定了一颗恒星的位置，通过等待六个月这样简单的权宜之计，然后重复他的观察，设法将地球轨道的直径，比如说两亿英里，置于他的观测值之间。第一次观察和第二次观察，这条线为他的三角形提供了一个值得尊敬的基础。
All our arts aim to win this vantage.
我们所有的艺术都旨在赢得这种优势。
We cannot bring the heavenly powers to us, but, if we will only choose our jobs in directions in which they travel, they will undertake them with the greatest pleasure.
我们无法将天上的力量带给我们，但是，如果我们只按照它们行进的方向选择我们的工作，他们就会非常高兴地承担它们。
It is a peremptory rule with them, that _they never go out of their road_.
对他们来说，这是一条强制性的规则：“他们永远不会走出自己的道路”。
We are dapper little busybodies, and run this way and that way superserviceably; but they swerve never from their foreordained paths,--neither the sun, nor the moon, nor a bubble of air, nor a mote of dust.
我们都是衣冠楚楚、爱管闲事的小人，跑来跑去，非常得心应手。但它们从不偏离既定的道路——太阳、月亮、气泡、尘埃都没有。
And as our handiworks borrow the elements, so all our social and political action leans on principles.
正如我们的手工艺品借用了元素一样，我们所有的社会和政治行动都依赖于原则。
To accomplish anything excellent, the will must work for catholic and universal ends.
为了完成任何伟大的事情，意志必须为天主教和普遍的目标而努力。
A puny creature walled in on every side, as Daniel wrote,-- “Unless above himself he can Erect himself, how poor a thing is man!” but when his will leans on a principle, when he is the vehicle of ideas, he borrows their omnipotence.
正如丹尼尔所写，一个被四面围墙的渺小生物——“除非他能够超越自己，否则人是多么可怜的东西！”但当他的意志依赖于某种原则时，当他成为思想的载体时，他就借用了思想的无所不能。
Gibraltar may be strong, but ideas are impregnable, and bestow on the hero their invincibility.
直布罗陀也许很强大，但思想是坚不可摧的，并赋予英雄无敌的力量。
“It was a great instruction,” said a saint in Cromwell’s war, “that the best courages are but beams of the Almighty.” Hitch your wagon to a star.
“这是一个伟大的教导，”克伦威尔战争中的一位圣人说道，“最好的勇气不过是全能者的光芒。”把你的马车拴在一颗星星上。
Let us not fag in paltry works which serve our pot and bag alone.
让我们不要在那些只为我们的罐子和袋子服务的微不足道的工作中劳作。
Let us not lie and steal.
我们不要撒谎和偷窃。
No god will help.
没有神会帮忙。
We shall find all their teams going the other way,--Charles’s Wain, Great Bear, Orion, Leo, Hercules: every god will leave us.
我们会发现他们所有的队伍都走上了相反的道路——查尔斯之车、大熊、猎户座、狮子座、赫拉克勒斯：每个神都会离开我们。
Work rather for those interests which the divinities honor and promote,--justice, love, freedom, knowledge, utility.
相反，为诸神所尊重和促进的利益而工作——正义、爱、自由、知识、功利。
If we can thus ride in Olympian chariots by putting our works in the path of the celestial circuits, we can harness also evil agents, the powers of darkness, and force them to serve against their will the ends of wisdom and virtue.
如果我们能够通过将我们的作品置于天体循环的路径上来乘坐奥林匹斯战车，我们也可以利用邪恶的代理人，黑暗的力量，并迫使他们违背自己的意愿服务于智慧和美德的目的。
Thus, a wise government puts fines and penalties on pleasant vices.
因此，明智的政府会对令人愉悦的恶习实施罚款和处罚。
What a benefit would the American government, not yet relieved of its extreme need, render to itself, and to every city, village, and hamlet in the States, if it would tax whiskey and rum almost to the point of prohibition! Was it Bonaparte who said that he found vices very good patriots?--“he got five millions from the love of brandy, and he should be glad to know which of the virtues would pay him as much.” Tobacco and opium have broad backs, and will cheerfully carry the load of armies, if you choose to make them pay high for such joy as they give and such harm as they do.
如果美国政府对威士忌和朗姆酒征税几乎达到禁止的程度，那么，尚未摆脱其极端需要的美国政府，会给自己以及美国的每一个城市、村庄和小村庄带来多大的好处！是波拿巴说他发现恶习是非常好的爱国者吗？——“他从对白兰地的热爱中得到了五百万美元，他应该很高兴知道哪种美德能给他带来同样多的回报。”烟草和鸦片有宽阔的脊背，如果你选择让他们为它们所带来的欢乐和造成的伤害付出高昂的代价，它们将愉快地承担军队的重担。
These are traits, and measures, and modes; and the true test of civilization is, not the census, nor the size of cities, nor the crops,--no, but the kind of man the country turns out.
这些是特征、措施和模式；文明的真正考验不是人口普查，也不是城市的规模，也不是农作物，而是这个国家培养出什么样的人。
I see the vast advantages of this country, spanning the breadth of the temperate zone.
我看到了这个国家横跨温带的巨大优势。
I see the immense material prosperity,--towns on towns, states on states, and wealth piled in the massive architecture of cities; California quartz-mountains dumped down in New York to be repiled architecturally along-shore from Canada to Cuba, and thence westward to California again.
我看到了巨大的物质繁荣——城镇与城镇、州与州、财富堆积在城市的巨大建筑中；加利福尼亚州的石英山被倾倒在纽约，然后在从加拿大到古巴的沿岸建筑上重新堆放，然后再次向西到达加利福尼亚州。
But it is not New York streets built by the confluence of workmen and wealth of all nations, though stretching out towards Philadelphia until they touch it, and northward until they touch New Haven, Hartford, Springfield, Worcester, and Boston,--not these that make the real estimation.
但这不是由各国工人和财富汇合而成的纽约街道，尽管它们一直向费城延伸，直到触及它，并向北延伸，直到触及纽黑文、哈特福德、斯普林菲尔德、伍斯特和波士顿，——不是这些进行真正的估计。
But, when I look over this constellation of cities which animate and illustrate the land, and see how little the government has to do with their daily life, how self-helped and self-directed all families are,--knots of men in purely natural societies,--societies of trade, of kindred blood, of habitual hospitality, house and house, man acting on man by weight of opinion, of longer or better-directed industry, the refining influence of women, the invitation which experience and permanent causes open to youth and labor,--when I see how much each virtuous and gifted person, whom all men consider, lives affectionately with scores of excellent people who are not known far from home, and perhaps with great reason reckons these people his superiors in virtue, and in the symmetry and force of their qualities, I see what cubic values America has, and in these a better certificate of civilization than great cities or enormous wealth.
但是，当我环顾这片为这片土地注入活力和色彩的城市群时，我发现政府与他们的日常生活关系是多么微不足道，所有的家庭都是多么自助和自我指导——一群纯粹的人自然社会——贸易社会、血缘社会、习惯性招待社会、家庭社会、男人通过意见影响男人的社会、更长期或更明确的工业社会、妇女的精致影响力、经验和永久的邀请向青年和劳动者开放的事业——当我看到每个被所有人视为有道德和有天赋的人，与许多在远离家乡的地方不为人所知的优秀人士亲切地生活在一起时，也许有充分的理由认为这些人是他的上级在美德、对称性和他们品质的力量中，我看到了美国所拥有的立方体价值观，在这些价值观中，它们是比大城市或巨大财富更好的文明证明。
In strictness, the vital refinements are the moral and intellectual steps.
严格来说，最重要的改进是道德和智力的步骤。
The appearance of the Hebrew Moses, of the Indian Buddh,--in Greece, of the Seven Wise Masters, of the acute and upright Socrates, and of the Stoic Zeno,--in Judæa, the advent of Jesus,--and in modern Christendom, of the realists Huss, Savonarola, and Luther, are causal facts which carry forward races to new convictions, and elevate the rule of life.
希伯来人摩西的出现，印度佛陀的出现，希腊的七贤大师，敏锐而正直的苏格拉底，以及斯多葛派的芝诺的出现，在犹太，耶稣的降临，以及在现实主义者胡斯、萨沃纳罗拉和路德的现代基督教世界是推动种族走向新信念并提升生活规则的因果事实。
In the presence of these agencies, it is frivolous to insist on the invention of printing or gunpowder, of steam-power or gas-light, percussion-caps and rubber-shoes, which are toys thrown off from that security, freedom, and exhilaration which a healthy morality creates in society.
在这些机构面前，坚持发明印刷术或火药、蒸汽动力或煤气灯、雷帽和胶鞋都是轻率的，这些都是脱离安全、自由和兴奋的玩具。健康的道德在社会中创造。
These arts add a comfort and smoothness to house and street life; but a purer morality, which kindles genius, civilizes civilization, casts backward all that we held sacred into the profane, as the flame of oil throws a shadow when shined upon by the flame of the Bude-light.
这些艺术为家居和街道生活增添了舒适和顺畅；但是，一种更纯粹的道德，可以激发天才，使文明文明，将我们认为神圣的一切都抛入世俗，就像油的火焰在布德灯的火焰照射下投下阴影一样。
Not the less the popular measures of progress will ever be the arts and the laws.
尽管如此，流行的进步衡量标准将永远是艺术和法律。
But if there be a country which cannot stand any one of these tests,--a country where knowledge cannot be diffused without perils of mob-law and statute-law,--where speech is not free,--where the post-office is violated, mail-bags opened, and letters tampered with,--where public debts and private debts outside of the State are repudiated,--where liberty is attacked in the primary institution of social life,--where the position of the white woman is injuriously affected by the outlawry of the black woman,--where the arts, such as they have, are all imported, having no indigenous life,--where the laborer is not secured in the earnings of his own hands,--where suffrage is not free or equal,--that country is, in all these respects, not civil, but barbarous; and no advantages of soil, climate, or coast can resist these suicidal mischiefs.
但是，如果有一个国家经不起这些考验中的任何一个，——一个知识无法在没有暴民法和成文法危险的情况下传播的国家，——那里的言论不自由，——那里的邮局侵犯，邮袋被打开，信件被篡改，国家以外的公共债务和私人债务被拒绝，社会生活的主要机构的自由受到攻击，白人的地位黑人妇女的非法行为对妇女造成了有害的影响，在那里，她们所拥有的艺术都是进口的，没有土著生活，在那里，劳动者自己的收入得不到保障，——如果选举权不是自由或平等的，那么从所有这些方面来看，那个国家就不是文明的，而是野蛮的；土壤、气候或海岸的任何优势都无法抵御这些自杀性的恶作剧。
Morality and all the incidents of morality are essential; as, justice to the citizen, and personal liberty.
道德和所有道德事件都是必不可少的；作为，公民正义和个人自由。
Montesquieu says: “Countries are well cultivated, not as they are fertile, but as they are free”; and the remark holds not less but more true of the culture of men, than of the tillage of land.
孟德斯鸠说：“国家之所以有教养，不是因为它们肥沃，而是因为它们自由”；这句话对于人类的文化比对于土地的耕种更适用。
And the highest proof of civility is, that the whole public action of the State is directed on securing the greatest good of the greatest number.
文明的最高证明是，国家的全部公共行动都是为了确保最大多数人的最大利益。
ART.
艺术。
ART.
艺术。
All departments of life at the present day,--Trade, Politics, Letters, Science, or Religion,--seem to feel, and to labor to express, the identity of their law.
当今生活的所有部门——贸易、政治、文学、科学或宗教——似乎都感受到并努力表达其法律的身份。
They are rays of one sun; they translate each into a new language the sense of the other.
它们是同一个太阳的光芒；他们将彼此的意思翻译成新的语言。
They are sublime when seen as emanations of a Necessity contradistinguished from the vulgar Fate, by being instant and alive, and dissolving man, as well as his works, in its flowing beneficence.
当它们被视为与庸俗命运不同的必然性的散发时，它们是崇高的，因为它们是即时的、有活力的，并且将人类及其作品溶解在其流动的仁慈中。
This influence is conspicuously visible in the principles and history of Art.
这种影响在艺术原理和历史中显而易见。
On one side in primary communication with absolute truth through thought and instinct, the human mind on the other side tends, by an equal necessity, to the publication and embodiment of its thought, modified and dwarfed by the impurity and untruth which, in all our experience, injure the individuality through which it passes.
一方面，通过思想和本能与绝对真理进行主要交流，另一方面，人类思想出于同样的必要性，倾向于出版和体现其思想，而这些思想被杂质和不真实所修改和矮化，这些杂质和不真实存在于我们所有的事物中。经验，伤害它所经历的个性。
The child not only suffers, but cries; not only hungers, but eats.
孩子不但受苦，还哭；不仅会饿，还会吃。
The man not only thinks, but speaks and acts.
人不仅会思考，还会说话和行动。
Every thought that arises in the mind, in its rising aims to pass out of the mind into act; just as every plant, in the moment of germination, struggles up to light.
头脑中产生的每一个想法，在其升起的过程中，都旨在从头脑中传递到行动中。正如每一株植物，在发芽的那一刻，都在奋力向光。
Thought is the seed of action; but action is as much its second form as thought is its first.
思想是行动的种子；但行动是它的第二种形式，正如思想是它的第一种形式一样。
It rises in thought, to the end that it may be uttered and acted.
它在思想中升起，直至可以说出和采取行动。
The more profound the thought, the more burdensome.
思想越深刻，负担就越重。
Always in proportion to the depth of its sense does it knock importunately at the gates of the soul, to be spoken, to be done.
它总是与它的意义的深度成正比，它不断地敲击灵魂的大门，让我们说话，去做。
What is in, will out.
有什么进来，就会出去。
It struggles to the birth.
它挣扎着出生。
Speech is a great pleasure, and action a great pleasure; they cannot be foreborne.
言语为大乐，行为大乐；他们不能被预见。
The utterance of thought and emotion in speech and action may be conscious or unconscious.
言语和行动中表达的思想和情感可能是有意识的，也可能是无意识的。
The sucking child is an unconscious actor.
吸吮孩子是一个无意识的演员。
The man in an ecstasy of fear or anger is an unconscious actor.
处于恐惧或愤怒的狂喜之中的人是一个无意识的演员。
A large part of our habitual actions are unconsciously done, and most of our necessary words are unconsciously said.
我们习惯性的动作很大一部分是无意识地做的，我们大部分必要的话语也是无意识地说的。
The conscious utterance of thought, by speech or action, to any end, is Art.
无论出于何种目的，通过言语或行动有意识地表达思想都是艺术。
From the first imitative babble of a child to the despotism of eloquence, from his first pile of toys or chip bridge to the masonry of Minot Rock Light-house or the Pacific Railroad, from the tattooing of the Owhyhees to the Vatican Gallery, from the simplest expedient of private prudence to the American Constitution, from its first to its last works, Art is the spirit’s voluntary use and combination of things to serve its end.
从孩子的第一次模仿性的牙牙学语到口才的专制，从他的第一堆玩具或芯片桥到迈诺特岩灯塔或太平洋铁路的砖石建筑，从 Owhyhees 的纹身到梵蒂冈画廊，从从美国宪法的第一部作品到最后一部作品，艺术是精神自愿使用和组合事物以达到其目的的最简单的权宜之计。
The Will distinguishes it as spiritual action.
意志将其区分为精神行动。
Relatively to themselves, the bee, the bird, the beaver, have no art; for what they do, they do instinctively; but relatively to the Supreme Being, they have.
相对于它们自己来说，蜜蜂、鸟、海狸都没有艺术；它们没有艺术。他们所做的事都是出于本能；但相对至尊而言，他们却有。
And the same is true of all unconscious action: relatively to the doer, it is instinct; relatively to the First Cause, it is Art.
所有无意识的行为也是如此：相对于行为者来说，它是本能；相对于第一因，它是艺术。
In this sense, recognizing the Spirit which informs Nature, Plato rightly said, “Those things which are said to be done by Nature are indeed done by Divine Art.” Art, universally, is the spirit creative.
从这个意义上说，认识到赋予自然的精神，柏拉图正确地说道：“那些据说是自然完成的事情确实是由神圣艺术完成的。”艺术，从普遍意义上来说，是创造性的精神。
It was defined by Aristotle, “The reason of the thing, without the matter.” If we follow the popular distinction of works according to their aim, we should say, the Spirit, in its creation, aims at use or at beauty, and hence Art divides itself into the Useful and the Fine Arts.
亚里士多德将其定义为“事物的原因，没有物质”。如果我们按照作品的目的来遵循流行的区分，我们应该说，精神在其创作中以使用或美为目标，因此艺术将自己分为有用的艺术和美术。
The useful arts comprehend not only those that lie next to instinct, as agriculture, building, weaving, &c., but also navigation, practical chemistry, and the construction of all the grand and delicate tools and instruments by which man serves himself: as language, the watch, the ship, the decimal cipher; and also the sciences, so far as they are made serviceable to political economy.
有用的艺术不仅包括那些与本能相邻的艺术，如农业、建筑、编织等，而且还包括航海、实用化学，以及人类为自己服务的所有宏伟而精致的工具和仪器的建造：如语言、手表、船、十进制密码；还有科学，只要它们对政治经济学有用。
When we reflect on the pleasure we receive from a ship, a railroad, a dry-dock; or from a picture, a dramatic representation, a statue, a poem, we find that these have not a quite simple, but a blended origin.
当我们反思从轮船、铁路、干船坞所获得的乐趣时；或者从一幅画、一个戏剧、一尊雕像、一首诗中，我们发现它们的起源并不十分简单，而是混合的。
We find that the question, What is Art? leads us directly to another,--Who is the artist? and the solution of this is the key to the history of Art.
我们发现这个问题：什么是艺术？将我们直接引向另一个——艺术家是谁？而解决这个问题就是艺术史的关键。
I hasten to state the principle which prescribes, through different means, its firm law to the useful and the beautiful arts.
我急于陈述这一原则，它通过不同的方式规定了有用和美丽的艺术的坚定法则。
The law is this.
法律是这样的。
The universal soul is the alone creator of the useful and the beautiful; therefore, to make anything useful or beautiful, the individual must be submitted to the universal mind.
普遍的灵魂是有用和美丽的唯一创造者。因此，为了使任何东西变得有用或美丽，个人必须服从普遍的思想。
In the first place, let us consider this in reference to the useful arts.
首先，让我们参考有用的艺术来考虑这一点。
Here the omnipotent agent is Nature; all human acts are satellites to her orb.
在这里，无所不能的代理人是自然；所有人类行为都是她的星球的卫星。
Nature is the representative of the universal mind, and the law becomes this,--that Art must be a complement to nature, strictly subsidiary.
自然是普遍心灵的代表，而法律则变成这样——艺术必须是自然的补充，严格附属。
It was said, in allusion to the great structures of the ancient Romans,--the aqueducts and bridges,--that “their Art was a Nature working to municipal ends.” That is a true account of all just works of useful art.
据说，在暗指古罗马人的伟大建筑——渡槽和桥梁——时，“他们的艺术是一种为市政目的而努力的自然”。这是对所有实用艺术作品的真实描述。
Smeaton built Eddystone Light-house on the model of an oak-tree, as being the form in nature best designed to resist a constant assailing force.
斯米顿以橡树为模型建造了埃迪斯通灯塔，认为这是自然界中最能抵御持续攻击的形式。
Dollond formed his achromatic telescope on the model of the human eye.
多隆德根据人眼的模型制作了他的消色差望远镜。
Duhamel built a bridge by letting in a piece of stronger timber for the middle of the under surface, getting his hint from the structure of the shin-bone.
杜哈梅尔从胫骨的结构中得到了暗示，通过在下表面的中间放入一块更坚固的木材来建造一座桥。
The first and last lesson of the useful arts is, that Nature tyrannizes over our works.
有用的艺术的第一个也是最后一个教训是，大自然对我们的作品实行专制。
They must be conformed to her law, or they will be ground to powder by her omnipresent activity.
他们必须遵守她的法则，否则就会被她无处不在的活动碾成粉末。
Nothing droll, nothing whimsical will endure.
没有什么滑稽的事情、没有什么异想天开的事情能够持久。
Nature is ever interfering with Art.
自然总是在干扰艺术。
You cannot build your house or pagoda as you will, but as you must.
你不能随心所欲地建造你的房子或宝塔，但你必须这样做。
There is a quick bound set to your caprice.
您的任性有一个快速的限制。
The leaning tower can only lean so far.
斜塔只能倾斜这么远。
The verandah or pagoda roof can curve upward only to a certain point.
阳台或宝塔屋顶只能向上弯曲到某一点。
The slope of your roof is determined by the weight of snow.
屋顶的坡度由雪的重量决定。
It is only within narrow limits that the discretion of the architect may range: gravity, wind, sun, rain, the size of men and animals, and such like, have more to say than he.
建筑师的自由裁量权只能在狭窄的范围内变化：重力、风、阳光、雨、人和动物的体型等等，比他有更多的发言权。
It is the law of fluids that prescribes the shape of the boat,--keel, rudder, and bows,--and, in the finer fluid above, the form and tackle of the sails.
流体定律规定了船的形状——龙骨、舵和船头——以及在上面更精细的流体中规定了帆的形状和滑轮的形状。
Man seems to have no option about his tools, but merely the necessity to learn from Nature what will fit best, as if he were fitting a screw or a door.
人类似乎对自己的工具别无选择，而只是必须向大自然学习最合适的工具，就像安装螺丝或门一样。
Beneath a necessity thus almighty, what is artificial in man’s life seems insignificant.
在如此强大的必然性之下，人类生活中人为的东西似乎微不足道。
He seems to take his task so minutely from intimations of Nature, that his works become as it were hers, and he is no longer free.
他似乎如此细致地从自然的暗示中完成他的任务，以至于他的作品就像她的作品一样，而他不再是自由的。
But if we work within this limit, she yields us all her strength.
但如果我们在这个限度内工作，她就会把她所有的力量都奉献给我们。
All powerful action is performed by bringing the forces of nature to bear upon our objects.
所有强大的行动都是通过将自然的力量施加到我们的物体上来实现的。
We do not grind corn or lift the loom by our own strength, but we build a mill in such position as to set the north wind to play upon our instrument, or the elastic force of steam, or the ebb and flow of the sea.
我们不靠自己的力量磨玉米或举起织布机，而是把磨坊建在这样的位置，让北风、蒸汽的弹力、大海的潮起潮落来影响我们的仪器。
So in our handiwork, we do few things by muscular force, but we place ourselves in such attitudes as to bring the force of gravity, that is, the weight of the planet, to bear upon the spade or the axe we wield.
因此，在我们的手工工作中，我们很少用肌肉力量做事，但我们把自己置于这样一种态度中，即把重力，即地球的重量，施加到我们挥舞的铲子或斧头上。
In short, in all our operations we seek not to use our own, but to bring a quite infinite force to bear.
简而言之，在我们所有的行动中，我们寻求的不是使用我们自己的力量，而是发挥无限的力量。
Let us now consider this law as it affects the works that have beauty for their end, that is, the productions of the Fine Arts.
现在让我们考虑一下这条法则，因为它影响着以美为目的的作品，即美术作品。
Here again the prominent fact is subordination of man.
这里再次突出的事实是人的从属地位。
His art is the least part of his work of art.
他的艺术是他的艺术作品中最不重要的部分。
A great deduction is to be made before we can know his proper contribution to it.
在我们知道他对此做出的适当贡献之前，必须先进行很大的推论。
Music, Eloquence, Poetry, Painting, Sculpture, Architecture.
音乐、口才、诗歌、绘画、雕塑、建筑。
This is a rough enumeration of the Fine Arts.
这是对美术的粗略列举。
I omit Rhetoric, which only respects the form of eloquence and poetry.
我省略了修辞学，它只尊重雄辩和诗歌的形式。
Architecture and eloquence are mixed arts, whose end is sometimes beauty and sometimes use.
建筑和雄辩是混合艺术，其目的有时是美丽，有时是实用。
It will be seen that in each of these arts there is much which is not spiritual.
将会看到，在每一种艺术中，都有很多非精神的内容。
Each has a material basis, and in each the creating intellect is crippled in some degree by the stuff on which it works.
每一种都有物质基础，而在每一种中，创造的智力都在某种程度上被它所工作的物质所削弱。
The basis of poetry is language, which is material only on one side.
诗歌的基础是语言，语言仅在一方面是物质的。
It is a demi-god.
这是一位半神。
But being applied primarily to the common necessities of man, it is not new-created by the poet for his own ends.
但它主要应用于人类的共同需要，并不是诗人为了自己的目的而新创造的。
The basis of music is the qualities of the air and the vibrations of sonorous bodies.
音乐的基础是空气的品质和发声体的振动。
The pulsation of a stretched string or wire gives the ear the pleasure of sweet sound, before yet the musician has enhanced this pleasure by concords and combinations.
拉伸的琴弦或金属丝的脉动给耳朵带来甜美声音的愉悦，在此之前音乐家已经通过协和和组合增强了这种愉悦。
Eloquence, as far as it is a fine art, is modified how much by the material organization of the orator, the tone of the voice, the physical strength, the play of the eye and countenance.
口才作为一门艺术，在很大程度上受到演说者的物质结构、语调、体力、眼神和表情的影响。
All this is so much deduction from the purely spiritual pleasure,--as so much deduction from the merit of Art,--and is the attribute of Nature.
所有这一切都是从纯粹的精神愉悦中扣除的，就像从艺术的优点中扣除的一样，都是自然的属性。
In painting, bright colors stimulate the eye, before yet they are harmonized into a landscape.
在绘画中，鲜艳的色彩刺激眼睛，然后才协调成风景。
In sculpture and in architecture the material, as marble or granite, and in architecture the mass, are sources of great pleasure, quite independent of the artificial arrangement.
在雕塑和建筑中，材料，如大理石或花岗岩，以及在建筑中的质量，都是巨大乐趣的源泉，完全独立于人工布置。
The art resides in the model, in the plan; for it is on that the genius of the artist is expended, not on the statue or the temple.
艺术存在于模型、计划之中；因为艺术家的天才是在这上面发挥出来的，而不是在雕像或寺庙上。
Just as much better as is the polished statue of dazzling marble than the clay model, or as much more impressive as is the granite cathedral or pyramid than the ground-plan or profile of them on paper, so much more beauty owe they to Nature than to Art.
就像抛光的耀眼大理石雕像比粘土模型好得多，或者像花岗岩大教堂或金字塔比纸上的平面图或轮廓更令人印象深刻一样，它们的美丽更多地归功于自然，而不是它们。到艺术。
There is a still larger deduction to be made from the genius of the artist in favor of Nature than I have yet specified.
艺术家的天才对自然的支持还有比我所指定的更大的推论。
A jumble of musical sounds on a viol or a flute, in which the rhythm of the tune is played without one of the notes being right, gives pleasure to the unskilful ear.
中提琴或长笛上的杂乱音乐声，其中曲调的节奏在没有一个音符正确的情况下被演奏，给不熟练的耳朵带来乐趣。
A very coarse imitation of the human form on canvas, or in wax-work,--a coarse sketch in colors of a landscape, in which imitation is all that is attempted,--these things give to unpractised eyes, to the uncultured, who do not ask a fine spiritual delight, almost as much pleasure as a statue of Canova or a picture of Titian.
在画布上或蜡像上对人体形态的非常粗略的模仿——一幅风景色彩的粗略素描，其中模仿就是所有的尝试——这些东西给了未经实践的眼睛，给了没有文化的人，他们不要求美好的精神愉悦，几乎与卡诺瓦的雕像或提香的画一样的愉悦。
And in the statue of Canova, or the picture of Titian, these give the great part of the pleasure; they are the basis on which the fine spirit rears a higher delight, but to which these are indispensable.
在卡诺瓦的雕像或提香的画中，这些给了我们很大的乐趣。它们是美好精神孕育出更高层次快乐的基础，但这些又是不可或缺的。
Another deduction from the genius of the artist is what is conventional in his art, of which there is much in every work of art.
对艺术家天才的另一个推论是他的艺术中的传统，每件艺术作品都有很多传统。
Thus how much is there that is not original in every particular building, in every statue, in every tune, painting, poem, or harangue!--whatever is national or usual; as the usage of building all Roman churches in the form of a cross, the prescribed distribution of parts of a theatre, the custom of draping a statue in classical costume.
因此，每一座特定的建筑、每一座雕像、每首曲调、绘画、诗歌或长篇大论中，有多少不是原创的！——无论是民族的还是平常的；例如，所有罗马教堂都以十字形建造，剧院各部分的规定分布，以及为雕像披上古典服装的习俗。
Yet who will deny that the merely conventional part of the performance contributes much to its effect? One consideration more exhausts, I believe, all the deductions from the genius of the artist in any given work.
然而，谁会否认表演中纯粹的传统部分对其效果有很大贡献呢？我相信，只要考虑到这一点，就可以穷尽艺术家在任何特定作品中的天才的所有推论。
This is the adventitious.
这就是不定之物。
Thus the pleasure that a noble temple gives us is only in part owing to the temple.
因此，一座高贵的寺庙给我们带来的快乐只是部分归功于寺庙。
It is exalted by the beauty of sunlight, the play of the clouds, the landscape around it, its grouping with the houses, trees, and towers in its vicinity.
它因美丽的阳光、云彩、周围的风景以及附近的房屋、树木和塔楼而显得更加崇高。
The pleasure of eloquence is in greatest part owing often to the stimulus of the occasion which produces it,--to the magic of sympathy, which exalts the feeling of each by radiating on him the feeling of all.
雄辩的乐趣在很大程度上常常归因于产生它的场合的刺激——同情的魔力，它通过将所有人的感情辐射到每个人身上来提升每个人的感情。
The effect of music belongs how much to the place,--as the church, or the moonlight walk; or to the company; or, if on the stage, to what went before in the play, or to the expectation of what shall come after.
音乐的效果在很大程度上取决于地点，比如教堂，或者月光下的散步；或公司；或者，如果在舞台上，则为戏剧中之前发生的事情，或者对之后将发生的事情的期望。
In poetry, “It is tradition more than invention that helps the poet to a good fable.” The adventitious beauty of poetry may be felt in the greater delight which a verse gives in happy quotation than in the poem.
在诗歌中，“帮助诗人写出精彩寓言的是传统，而不是发明。”诗歌的偶然之美可以从诗句中快乐的引用所带来的愉悦感中感受到，这比诗本身更令人愉悦。
It is a curious proof of our conviction that the artist does not feel himself to be the parent of his work, and is as much surprised at the effect as we, that we are so unwilling to impute our best sense of any work of art to the author.
这是一个奇怪的证据，证明了我们的信念，即艺术家并不觉得自己是其作品的母体，并且与我们一样对这种效果感到惊讶，因为我们不愿意将我们对任何艺术作品的最佳感觉归因于作者。
The highest praise we can attribute to any writer, painter, sculptor, builder, is, that he actually possessed the thought or feeling with which he has inspired us.
我们对任何作家、画家、雕塑家、建筑家的最高赞扬是，他实际上拥有启发我们的思想或感觉。
We hesitate at doing Spenser so great an honor as to think that he intended by his allegory the sense we affix to it.
我们犹豫是否给予斯宾塞如此巨大的荣誉，以至于认为他通过他的寓言表达了我们赋予它的意义。
We grudge to Homer the wide human circumspection his commentators ascribe to him.
我们对荷马怀有怨恨，因为他的评论者认为他具有广泛的人性谨慎。
Even Shakspeare, of whom we can believe everything, we think indebted to Goethe and to Coleridge for the wisdom they detect in his Hamlet and Antony.
即使是我们可以相信一切的莎士比亚，我们也认为要感谢歌德和柯勒律治，因为他们在哈姆雷特和安东尼身上发现了智慧。
Especially have we this infirmity of faith in contemporary genius.
尤其是我们对当代天才的信心软弱。
We fear that Allston and Greenough did not foresee and design all the effect they produce on us.
我们担心奥尔斯顿和格里诺没有预见和设计他们对我们产生的所有影响。
Our arts are happy hits.
我们的艺术很受欢迎。
We are like the musician on the lake, whose melody is sweeter than he knows, or like a traveller, surprised by a mountain echo, whose trivial word returns to him in romantic thunders.
我们就像湖上的音乐家，他的旋律比他所知道的还要甜美；或者就像一个旅人，被山间的回声所惊讶，他的琐碎的话语在浪漫的雷鸣中回到他的身边。
In view of these facts, I say that the power of Nature predominates over the human will in all works of even the fine arts, in all that respects their material and external circumstances.
鉴于这些事实，我说，在所有尊重其物质和外部环境的作品中，自然的力量压倒了人类的意志，甚至是美术作品。
Nature paints the best part of the picture; carves the best part of the statue; builds the best part of the house; and speaks the best part of the oration.
大自然描绘了这幅画中最好的部分；雕刻雕像最好的部分；建造房子最好的部分；并说出了演讲中最精彩的部分。
For all the advantages to which I have adverted are such as the artist did not consciously produce.
因为我所提到的所有优点都是艺术家没有有意识地创造出来的。
He relied on their aid, he put himself in the way to receive aid from some of them; but he saw that his planting and his watering waited for the sunlight of Nature, or were vain.
他依赖他们的帮助，他自己也妨碍了他们中的一些人的帮助；但他发现，他的种植和浇灌要么等待着大自然的阳光，要么就是徒劳的。
Let us proceed to the consideration of the law stated in the beginning of this essay, as it affects the purely spiritual part of a work of art.
让我们继续考虑本文开头所述的法律，因为它影响艺术作品的纯粹精神部分。
As, in useful art, so far as it is useful, the work must be strictly subordinated to the laws of Nature, so as to become a sort of continuation, and in nowise a contradiction of Nature; so, in art that aims at beauty, must the parts be subordinated to Ideal Nature, and everything individual abstracted, so that it shall be the production of the universal soul.
因为，在有用的艺术中，只要它有用，作品就必须严格服从自然法则，从而成为自然的一种延续，而不是自然的矛盾；因此，在追求美的艺术中，各个部分必须服从理想的自然，而一切个体都必须被抽象化，这样它才成为普遍灵魂的产物。
The artist who is to produce a work which is to be admired, not by his friends or his townspeople or his contemporaries, but by all men, and which is to be more beautiful to the eye in proportion to its culture, must disindividualize himself, and be a man of no party, and no manner, and no age, but one through whom the soul of all men circulates, as the common air through his lungs.
艺术家若要创作出一部作品，不是让他的朋友、市民或同代人欣赏，而是让所有人欣赏，而且作品要与其文化相称，看起来更加美丽，他就必须取消自己的个性化，成为一个不分党派、不拘一格、不分年龄的人，但所有人的灵魂都通过他流通，就像普通空气通过他的肺部一样。
He must work in the spirit in which we conceive a prophet to speak, or an angel of the Lord to act; that is, he is not to speak his own words, or do his own works, or think his own thoughts, but he is to be an organ through which the universal mind acts.
他必须以我们设想的先知说话或主的天使行动的精神来工作；也就是说，他不应该说他自己的话，或者做他自己的工作，或者思考他自己的想法，但他应该成为宇宙心灵借以行动的器官。
In speaking of the useful arts, I pointed to the fact that we do not dig, or grind, or hew, by our muscular strength, but by bringing the weight of the planet to bear on the spade, axe, or bar.
在谈到有用的艺术时，我指出了这样一个事实：我们不是通过肌肉力量来挖掘、研磨或砍伐，而是通过将地球的重量施加在铁锹、斧头或棒上。
Precisely analogous to this, in the fine arts, is the manner of our intellectual work.
在美术领域，我们的智力工作方式与此完全相似。
We aim to hinder our individuality from acting.
我们的目标是阻碍我们的个性行动。
So much as we can shove aside our egotism, our prejudice, and will, and bring the omniscience of reason upon the subject before us, so perfect is the work.
只要我们能够抛开我们的自私、我们的偏见和意志，并把理性的全知带到我们面前的主题上，那么这部作品就是如此完美。
The wonders of Shakspeare are things which he saw whilst he stood aside, and then returned to record them.
莎士比亚的奇迹是他站在一旁看到的东西，然后又回来记录下来。
The poet aims at getting observations without aim; to subject to thought things seen without (voluntary) thought.
诗人的目的是无目的地观察；使未经（自愿）思考而看到的事物受制于思想。
In eloquence, the great triumphs of the art are, when the orator is lifted above himself; when consciously he makes himself the mere tongue of the occasion and the hour, and says what cannot but be said.
在雄辩方面，艺术的伟大胜利在于，当演说家超越自我时；当他有意识地使自己成为场合和时间的唯一舌头时，并说出不得不说的话。
Hence the term _abandonment_, to describe the self-surrender of the orator.
因此，术语“放弃”来描述演说家的自我投降。
Not his will, but the principle on which he is horsed, the great connection and crisis of events, thunder in the ear of the crowd.
不是他的意志，而是他所依据的原则，事件的巨大联系和危机，在人群耳中响起的雷声。
In poetry, where every word is free, every word is necessary.
在诗歌中，每个词都是自由的，每个词都是必要的。
Good poetry could not have been otherwise written than it is.
好的诗歌不可能以其他方式写出来。
The first time you hear it, it sounds rather as if copied out of some invisible tablet in the Eternal mind, than as if arbitrarily composed by the poet.
当你第一次听到它时，它听起来像是从永恒心灵中某个看不见的石碑上抄下来的，而不是由诗人随意创作的。
The feeling of all great poets has accorded with this.
一切伟大诗人的感受都符合这一点。
They found the verse, not made it.
他们发现了这节经文，而不是创造出来。
The muse brought it to them.
缪斯把它带给了他们。
In sculpture, did ever anybody call the Apollo a fancy piece? Or say of the Laocoön how it might be made different? A masterpiece of art has in the mind a fixed place in the chain of being, as much as a plant or a crystal.
在雕塑中，有人称阿波罗是一件奇特的作品吗？或者说拉奥孔如何让它变得不同？一件艺术杰作在人们的心目中，就像一株植物或一块水晶一样，在存在链中占有一个固定的位置。
The whole language of men, especially of artists, in reference to this subject, points at the belief that every work of art, in proportion to its excellence, partakes of the precision of fate: no room was there for choice, no play for fancy; for in the moment, or in the successive moments, when that form was seen, the iron lids of Reason were unclosed, which ordinarily are heavy with slumber.
人类，尤其是艺术家的整个语言，在涉及这个主题时，都指向这样一种信念，即每件艺术作品，与其卓越程度成比例，都具有命运的精确性：没有选择的余地，没有想象的余地;因为在那一刻，或者在连续的时刻，当看到那个形状时，理性的铁盖打开了，通常是沉睡的。
The individual mind became for the moment the vent of the mind of humanity.
个体心灵暂时成为人类心灵的发泄口。
There is but one Reason.
只有一个原因。
The mind that made the world is not one mind, but _the_ mind.
创造世界的心灵不是一个心灵，而是一个心灵。
Every man is an inlet to the same, and to all of the same.
每个人都是同一事物的入口，也是所有同一事物的入口。
And every work of art is a more or less pure manifestation of the same.
每一件艺术作品或多或少都是同一事物的纯粹表现。
Therefore we arrive at this conclusion, which I offer as a confirmation of the whole view, that the delight which a work of art affords, seems to arise from our recognizing in it the mind that formed Nature, again in active operation.
因此，我们得出这样的结论，我将其作为对整个观点的确认，即艺术品所提供的乐趣似乎源于我们在其中认识到形成自然的心灵，再次处于积极的运作中。
It differs from the works of Nature in this, that they are organically reproductive.
它与自然作品的不同之处在于，它们是有机繁殖的。
This is not; but spiritually it is prolific by its powerful action on the intellects of men.
这不是;但在精神上，它通过对人类智力的强大作用而变得丰富。
Hence it follows that a study of admirable works of art sharpens our perceptions of the beauty of Nature; that a certain analogy reigns throughout the wonders of both; that the contemplation of a work of great art draws us into a state of mind which may be called religious.
因此，对令人钦佩的艺术作品的研究可以增强我们对自然之美的感知。两者的奇迹中都存在某种类比；对伟大艺术作品的沉思会使我们进入一种可以称为宗教的心态。
It conspires with all exalted sentiments.
它与一切崇高的情感密不可分。
Proceeding from absolute mind, whose nature is goodness as much as truth, the great works are always attuned to moral nature.
从绝对心灵出发，其本质既是善也是真理，伟大的作品总是与道德本质相协调。
If the earth and sea conspire with virtue more than vice,--so do the masterpieces of art.
如果大地和海洋的美德多于罪恶，那么艺术杰作也是如此。
The galleries of ancient sculpture in Naples and Rome strike no deeper conviction into the mind than the contrast of the purity, the severity, expressed in these fine old heads, with the frivolity and grossness of the mob that exhibits and the mob that gazes at them.
那不勒斯和罗马的古代雕塑画廊最能打动人心的，莫过于这些精美的古老头像所表达的纯洁、严肃，与展出的暴民和凝视它们的暴民的轻浮和粗俗的对比。 。
These are the countenances of the first-born,--the face of man in the morning of the world.
这些是初生者的面容——世界之初人类的面容。
No mark is on these lofty features, of sloth, or luxury, or meanness, and they surprise you with a moral admonition, as they speak of nothing around you, but remind you of the fragrant thoughts and the purest resolutions of your youth.
这些崇高的容貌上没有任何懒惰、奢侈或卑鄙的痕迹，它们以道德告诫让你感到惊讶，因为它们没有谈论你周围的任何事情，而是让你想起年轻时芬芳的思想和最纯粹的决心。
Herein is the explanation of the analogies which exist in all the arts.
这里是对所有艺术中存在的类比的解释。
They are the reappearance of one mind, working in many materials to many temporary ends.
它们是一种思想的再现，在多种材料中工作以达到许多暂时的目的。
Raphael paints wisdom; Handel sings it, Phidias carves it, Shakspeare writes it, Wren builds it, Columbus sails it, Luther preaches it, Washington arms it, Watt mechanizes it.
拉斐尔描绘智慧；亨德尔歌唱它，菲迪亚斯雕刻它，莎士比亚书写它，雷恩建造它，哥伦布航行它，路德宣讲它，华盛顿武装它，瓦特机械化它。
Painting was called “silent poetry”; and poetry, “speaking painting.” The laws of each art are convertible into the laws of every other.
绘画被称为“无声的诗”；还有诗歌，“说画”。每种艺术的法则都可以转化为其他艺术的法则。
Herein we have an explanation of the necessity that reigns in all the kingdom of Art.
在此，我们对整个艺术王国的必然性进行了解释。
Arising out of eternal Reason, one and perfect, whatever is beautiful rests on the foundation of the necessary.
一切美丽的事物都源于永恒的理性、统一而完美，都建立在必要性的基础上。
Nothing is arbitrary, nothing is insulated in beauty.
没有什么是任意的，没有什么是与美隔绝的。
It depends forever on the necessary and the useful.
这永远取决于必要性和有用性。
The plumage of the bird, the mimic plumage of the insect, has a reason for its rich colors in the constitution of the animal.
鸟的羽毛，模仿昆虫的羽毛，其丰富的色彩在动物的体质中是有原因的。
Fitness is so inseparable an accompaniment of beauty, that it has been taken for it.
健身与美丽密不可分，以至于人们误以为它是美丽的。
The most perfect form to answer an end is so far beautiful.
迄今为止，回答结束的最完美的形式是美丽的。
We feel, in seeing a noble building, which rhymes well, as we do in hearing a perfect song, that it is spiritually organic; that is, had a necessity, in nature, for being, was one of the possible forms in the Divine mind, and is now only discovered and executed by the artist, not arbitrarily composed by him.
当我们看到一座韵律优美的高贵建筑时，我们会感到它在精神上是有机的；就像我们听到一首完美的歌曲一样。也就是说，本质上存在必然性，因为存在是神圣心灵中可能的形式之一，现在只能由艺术家发现和执行，而不是由他任意创作。
And so every genuine work of art has as much reason for being as the earth and the sun.
因此，每件真正的艺术作品都像地球和太阳一样有其存在的理由。
The gayest charm of beauty has a root in the constitution of things.
美的最令人愉悦的魅力根源于事物的构成。
The Iliad of Homer, the songs of David, the odes of Pindar, the tragedies of Æschylus, the Doric temples, the Gothic cathedrals, the plays of Shakspeare, all and each were made not for sport, but in grave earnest, in tears and smiles of suffering and loving men.
荷马的《伊利亚特》、大卫的歌曲、品达的颂歌、埃斯库罗斯的悲剧、多立克式的神庙、哥特式的大教堂、莎士比亚的戏剧，所有这些都不是为了娱乐而创作的，而是严肃认真的，在泪水中和受苦而有爱的人的微笑。
Viewed from this point, the history of Art becomes intelligible, and, moreover, one of the most agreeable studies.
从这一点来看，艺术史变得易于理解，而且成为最令人愉快的研究之一。
We see how each work of art sprang irresistibly from necessity, and, moreover, took its form from the broad hint of Nature.
我们看到每一件艺术作品是如何不可抗拒地从必然性中诞生的，而且，它的形式是如何从自然的广泛暗示中获得的。
Beautiful in this wise is the obvious origin of all the known orders of architecture; namely, that they were the idealizing of the primitive abodes of each people.
从这个角度来看，美丽是所有已知建筑秩序的明显起源。也就是说，它们是每个民族原始住所的理想化。
There was no wilfulness in the savages in this perpetuating of their first rude abodes.
野蛮人在维持他们最初的粗鲁住所时并没有任性。
The first form in which they built a house would be the first form of their public and religious edifice also.
他们建造房屋的第一种形式也将是他们公共和宗教建筑的第一种形式。
This form becomes immediately sacred in the eyes of their children, and, as more traditions cluster round it, is imitated with more splendor in each succeeding generation.
这种形式在他们的孩子眼中立即变得神圣，并且随着越来越多的传统聚集在它周围，在每一代人中都被模仿得更加光彩夺目。
In like manner, it has been remarked by Goethe that the granite breaks into parallelepipeds, which broken in two, one part would be an obelisk; that in Upper Egypt the inhabitants would naturally mark a memorable spot by setting up so conspicuous a stone.
同样，歌德曾说过，花岗岩分裂成平行六面体，分裂成两部分，一部分就是方尖碑；另一部分则变成方尖碑。在上埃及，居民自然会通过竖起一块如此显眼的石头来标记一个令人难忘的地方。
Again, he suggested, we may see in any stone wall, on a fragment of rock, the projecting veins of harder stone, which have resisted the action of frost and water which has decomposed the rest.
他再次建议，我们可以在任何石墙上、岩石碎片上看到较硬的石头的突出纹理，这些纹理抵抗了霜和水的作用，而霜和水已经分解了其余部分。
This appearance certainly gave the hint of the hieroglyphics inscribed on their obelisk.
这种外观无疑暗示了他们方尖碑上刻有的象形文字。
The amphitheatre of the old Romans,--any one may see its origin who looks at the crowd running together to see any fight, sickness, or odd appearance in the street.
古罗马人的圆形剧场——任何人只要看到聚集在一起奔跑的人群，看看街上有任何打斗、疾病或奇怪的现象，就可以看出它的起源。
The first comers gather round in a circle; those behind stand on tiptoe; and farther back they climb on fences or window-sills, and so make a cup of which the object of attention occupies the hollow area.
先来的人围成一圈；后面的人踮起脚尖；在更远的地方，他们爬上栅栏或窗台，制作一个杯子，其中的关注对象占据了空心区域。
The architect put benches in this, and enclosed the cup with a wall,--and, behold a coliseum! It would be easy to show of many fine things in the world,--in the customs of nations, the etiquette of courts, the constitution of governments,--the origin in quite simple local necessities.
建筑师在里面放了长凳，并用墙围住了杯子，——看哪，这是一个竞技场！世界上许多美好的事物——各国的风俗习惯、法庭的礼节、政府的宪法——都可以很容易地显示出来，它们的起源都是相当简单的当地必需品。
Heraldry, for example, and the ceremonies of a coronation, are a dignified repetition of the occurrences that might befall a dragoon and his footboy.
例如，纹章和加冕仪式都是对龙骑兵和他的侍童可能发生的事件的庄严重复。
The College of Cardinals were originally the parish priests of Rome.
枢机主教团最初是罗马教区的牧师。
The leaning towers originated from the civil discords which induced every lord to build a tower.
斜塔的起源是内乱，诸侯纷纷建塔。
Then it became a point of family pride,--and for more pride the novelty of a leaning tower was built.
然后，它成为了家庭的骄傲——为了让更多人感到自豪，还建造了一座新颖的斜塔。
This strict dependence of Art upon material and ideal Nature, this adamantine necessity which underlies it, has made all its past, and may foreshow its future history.
艺术对物质和理想自然的严格依赖，以及其背后的坚定必然性，已经创造了它的过去，并可能预示着它未来的历史。
It never was in the power of any man, or any community, to call the arts into being.
任何人或任何团体都没有能力创造艺术。
They come to serve his actual wants, never to please his fancy.
他们来满足他的实际需要，而不是为了取悦他的幻想。
These arts have their origin always in some enthusiasm, as love, patriotism, or religion.
这些艺术总是源于某种热情，如爱情、爱国主义或宗教。
Who carved marble? The believing man, who wished to symbolize their gods to the waiting Greeks.
谁雕刻了大理石？相信的人，希望向等待的希腊人象征他们的神。
The Gothic cathedrals were built when the builder and the priest and the people were overpowered by their faith.
哥特式大教堂是在建造者、牧师和人民被他们的信仰所压倒时建造的。
Love and fear laid every stone.
爱和恐惧奠定了一切。
The Madonnas of Raphael and Titian were made to be worshipped.
拉斐尔和提香的圣母像是为了供人崇拜而建造的。
Tragedy was instituted for the like purpose, and the miracles of music: all sprang out of some genuine enthusiasm, and never out of dilettanteism and holidays.
悲剧和音乐奇迹都是出于同样的目的而创造的：一切都源于某种真正的热情，而不是出于业余爱好和假期。
Now they languish, because their purpose is merely exhibition.
现在它们已经萎靡不振，因为它们的目的仅仅是展示。
Who cares, who knows what works of art our government have ordered to be made for the Capitol? They are a mere flourish to please the eye of persons who have associations with books and galleries.
谁在乎，谁知道我们的政府下令为国会大厦制作哪些艺术品？它们只是为了取悦那些与书籍和画廊有联系的人的眼睛而做出的装饰。
But in Greece, the Demos of Athens divided into political factions upon the merits of Phidias.
但在希腊，雅典的民众根据菲迪亚斯的功绩分成了政治派别。
In this country, at this time, other interests than religion and patriotism are predominant, and the arts, the daughters of enthusiasm, do not flourish.
此时，在这个国家，宗教和爱国主义以外的其他利益占主导地位，而艺术，热情的女儿，却没有蓬勃发展。
The genuine offspring of our ruling passions we behold.
我们所看到的是我们的主导激情的真正后代。
Popular institutions, the school, the reading-room, the telegraph, the post-office, the exchange, the insurance-company, and the immense harvest of economical inventions, are the fruit of the equality and the boundless liberty of lucrative callings.
受欢迎的机构、学校、阅览室、电报、邮局、交易所、保险公司以及经济发明的巨大收获，都是平等和利润丰厚的职业的无限自由的成果。
These are superficial wants; and their fruits are these superficial institutions.
这些都是表面的需求；而它们的成果就是这些肤浅的机构。
But as far as they accelerate the end of political freedom and national education, they are preparing the soil of man for fairer flowers and fruits in another age.
但就他们加速政治自由和国民教育的终结而言，他们正在为人类在另一个时代开出更美丽的花朵和果实准备土壤。
For beauty, truth, and goodness are not obsolete; they spring eternal in the breast of man; they are as indigenous in Massachusetts as in Tuscany or the Isles of Greece.
因为美、真、善并没有过时；它们永远在人类的胸中涌动；他们是马萨诸塞州的土著，就像托斯卡纳或希腊群岛的土著一样。
And that Eternal Spirit, whose triple face they are, moulds from them forever, for his mortal child, images to remind him of the Infinite and Fair.
而永恒的灵魂，其三重面孔，永远为他的凡人孩子塑造而成，图像提醒他无限和公平。
ELOQUENCE.
口才。
ELOQUENCE.
口才。
It is the doctrine of the popular music-masters, that whoever can speak can sing.
谁会说话就能唱歌，这是流行音乐大师的信条。
So, probably, every man is eloquent once in his life.
所以，也许每个人一生中都会有一次雄辩。
Our temperaments differ in capacity of heat, or, we boil at different degrees.
我们的性情因受热能力不同而不同，或者说，我们沸腾的程度不同。
One man is brought to the boiling-point by the excitement of conversation in the parlor.
客厅里令人兴奋的谈话使一个人的情绪达到了沸点。
The waters, of course, are not very deep.
当然，水不是很深。
He has a two-inch enthusiasm, a patty-pan ebullition.
他有两英寸的热情，一种小馅饼般的热情。
Another requires the additional caloric of a multitude, and a public debate; a third needs an antagonist, or a hot indignation; a fourth needs a revolution; and a fifth, nothing less than the grandeur of absolute ideas, the splendors and shades of Heaven and Hell.
另一种需要大量的额外热量和公开辩论。第三个需要一个对手，或者强烈的愤慨；第四个需要一场革命；第五，绝对思想的宏伟，天堂和地狱的辉煌和阴暗。
But because every man is an orator, how long soever he may have been a mute, an assembly of men is so much more susceptible.
但由于每个人都是演说家，无论他沉默多久，一群人都更容易受到影响。
The eloquence of one stimulates all the rest, some up to the speaking-point, and all others to a degree that makes them good receivers and conductors, and they avenge themselves for their enforced silence by increased loquacity on their return to the fireside.
一个人的口才能够刺激其他所有人，其中一些人达到了讲话的要点，而所有其他人都达到了一定程度，使他们成为良好的接收者和指挥者，而他们在回到炉边时会通过增加口才来报复自己被迫保持沉默。
The plight of these phlegmatic brains is better than that of those who prematurely boil, and who impatiently break silence before their time.
这些冷漠的大脑的困境比那些过早沸腾、不耐烦地打破沉默的人的处境要好。
Our county conventions often exhibit a small-pot-soon-hot style of eloquence.
我们县的大会经常表现出小而快热的口才风格。
We are too much reminded of a medical experiment where a series of patients are taking nitrous-oxide gas.
我们经常想起一项医学实验，其中一系列患者正在服用一氧化二氮。
Each patient, in turn, exhibits similar symptoms,--redness in the face, volubility, violent gesticulation, delirious attitudes, occasional stamping, an alarming loss of perception of the passage of time, a selfish enjoyment of his sensations, and loss of perception of the sufferings of the audience.
每个病人依次表现出相似的症状——面部发红、多言、剧烈手势、精神错乱、偶尔跺脚、对时间流逝的知觉丧失惊人、自私地享受自己的感觉以及失去知觉观众的痛苦。
Plato says, that the punishment which the wise suffer, who refuse to take part in the government, is, to live under the government of worse men; and the like regret is suggested to all the auditors, as the penalty of abstaining to speak,--that they shall hear worse orators than themselves.
柏拉图说，拒绝参与政府的智者所遭受的惩罚，就是生活在更坏的人的政府之下。同样的遗憾也向所有听众提出，作为不发言的惩罚——他们将听到比自己更糟糕的演讲者。
But this lust to speak marks the universal feeling of the energy of the engine, and the curiosity men feel to touch the springs.
但这种说话的欲望标志着人们对发动机能量的普遍感受，以及人们对触摸弹簧的好奇心。
Of all the musical instruments on which men play, a popular assembly is that which has the largest compass and variety, and out of which, by genius and study, the most wonderful effects can be drawn.
在人们演奏的所有乐器中，流行的组合是最广泛、种类最多的组合，通过天才和研究，可以从中产生最美妙的效果。
An audience is not a simple addition of the individuals that compose it.
观众并不是构成观众的个体的简单相加。
Their sympathy gives them a certain social organism, which fills each member, in his own degree, and most of all the orator, as a jar in a battery is charged with the whole electricity of the battery.
他们的同情心赋予了他们一定的社会有机体，每个成员都以自己的程度填充了这种有机体，尤其是演说家，就像电池中的罐子充满了电池的全部电量一样。
No one can survey the face of an excited assembly, without being apprised of new opportunity for painting in fire human thought, and being agitated to agitate.
没有人能够在审视一场激动人心的集会时，不被告知描绘火热的人类思想的新机会，并被激动地激动起来。
How many orators sit mute there below! They come to get justice done to that ear and intuition which no Chatham and no Demosthenes has begun to satisfy.
有多少演说家坐在下面默不作声！他们来是为了公正地对待耳朵和直觉，而查塔姆和德摩斯梯尼都没有开始满足这一点。
The Welsh Triads say, “Many are the friends of the golden tongue.” Who can wonder at the attractiveness of Parliament, or of Congress, or the bar, for our ambitious young men, when the highest bribes of society are at the feet of the successful orator? He has his audience at his devotion.
威尔士三合会说：“许多人都是金舌头的朋友。”当社会上最高的贿赂都掌握在成功演说家的脚下时，谁会惊讶于议会、国会或律师事务所对我们雄心勃勃的年轻人的吸引力呢？他的奉献精神赢得了观众。
All other fames must hush before his.
所有其他的名声都必须在他的面前安静下来。
He is the true potentate; for they are not kings who sit on thrones, but they who know how to govern.
他是真正的统治者；因为他们不是坐在宝座上的国王，而是懂得如何统治的人。
The definitions of eloquence describe its attraction for young men.
口才的定义描述了它对年轻人的吸引力。
Antiphon the Rhamnusian, one of Plutarch’s ten orators, advertised in Athens, “that he would cure distempers of the mind with words.” No man has a prosperity so high or firm but two or three words can dishearten it.
普鲁塔克的十位演说家之一、拉姆努斯派的安提芬在雅典做广告说，“他能用语言治愈心灵的疾病”。没有一个人的财富如此之高或如此稳固，但两三个字就可以使其沮丧。
There is no calamity which right words will not begin to redress.
没有什么灾难是不能用正确的言语来纠正的。
Isocrates described his art as “the power of magnifying what was small and diminishing what was great,”--an acute but partial definition.
伊索克拉底将他的艺术描述为“放大微小事物、削弱伟大事物的力量”——这是一个尖锐但片面的定义。
Among the Spartans, the art assumed a Spartan shape, namely, of the sharpest weapon.
在斯巴达人中，艺术呈现出斯巴达的形状，即最锋利的武器。
Socrates says: “If any one wishes to converse with the meanest of the Lacedæmonians, he will at first find him despicable in conversation; but, when a proper opportunity offers, this same person, like a skilful jaculator, will hurl a sentence worthy of attention, short and contorted, so that he who converses with him will appear to be in no respect superior to a boy.” Plato’s definition of rhetoric is, “the art of ruling the minds of men.” The Koran says, “A mountain may change its place, but a man will not change his disposition” yet the end of eloquence is,--is it not?--to alter in a pair of hours, perhaps in a half-hour’s discourse, the convictions and habits of years.
苏格拉底说：“如果有人想与拉栖代梦人中最卑鄙的人交谈，他首先会发现他在谈话中是卑鄙的；但是，一旦有适当的机会，这个人就会像一个熟练的射箭手一样，抛出一句值得关注的简短而扭曲的句子，这样与他交谈的人就不会显得比一个男孩高明。”柏拉图对修辞学的定义是“统治人们思想的艺术”。 《古兰经》说：“山可以改变其位置，但人不会改变他的性情”，然而雄辩的目的是——不是吗？——在两个小时内，也许在半个小时内改变话语，多年来的信念和习惯。
Young men, too, are eager to enjoy this sense of added power and enlarged sympathetic existence.
年轻人也渴望享受这种权力增加和同情心扩大的感觉。
The orator sees himself the organ of a multitude, and concentrating their valors and powers: “But now the blood of twenty thousand men Blushed in my face.” That which he wishes, that which eloquence ought to reach, is, not a particular skill in telling a story, or neatly summing up evidence, or arguing logically, or dexterously addressing the prejudice of the company,--no, but a taking sovereign possession of the audience.
演说家将自己视为群众的代表，集中了他们的勇气和力量：“但现在，两万人的鲜血在我脸上染红了。”他所希望的，口才应该达到的，不是讲故事、简洁地总结证据、逻辑论证、巧妙地解决公司偏见的特殊技巧，而是一种夺取主权的能力。对观众的占有。
Him we call an artist, who shall play on an assembly of men as a master on the keys of the piano,--who, seeing the people furious, shall soften and compose them, shall draw them, when he will, to laughter and to tears.
我们称他为艺术家，他将像钢琴琴键上的大师一样在一群人中演奏——他看到人们愤怒时，将软化他们并创作他们，当他愿意时，他将吸引他们笑声和笑声。流泪。
Bring him to his audience, and, be they who they may,--coarse or refined, pleased or displeased, sulky or savage, with their opinions in the keeping of a confessor, or with their opinions in their bank-safes,--he will have them pleased and humored as he chooses; and they shall carry and execute that which he bids them.
把他带到他的听众面前，无论他们是谁——粗俗或优雅，高兴或不高兴，闷闷不乐或野蛮，将他们的意见放在忏悔神父那里，或者将他们的意见放在银行保险箱里，——他会让他们随心所欲地高兴和幽默；他们将执行并执行他所吩咐的。
This is that despotism which poets have celebrated in the “Pied Piper of Hamelin,” whose music drew like the power of gravitation,--drew soldiers and priests, traders and feasters, women and boys, rats and mice; or that of the minstrel of Meudon, who made the pall-bearers dance around the bier.
这就是诗人们在《哈梅林的花衣魔笛手》中颂扬的专制主义，他的音乐像万有引力一样吸引着士兵和牧师、商人和宴客、妇女和男孩、老鼠和老鼠；或者是默东吟游诗人的歌声，他让抬棺人围着棺材跳舞。
This is a power of many degrees, and requiring in the orator a great range of faculty and experience, requiring a large composite man, such as Nature rarely organizes; so that, in our experience, we are forced to gather up the figure in fragments, here one talent, and there another.
这是一种多层次的力量，需要演说家具有广泛的才能和经验，需要一个大的复合型人，就像大自然很少组织的那样；因此，根据我们的经验，我们被迫将人物碎片收集起来，这里一个人才，那里另一个人才。
The audience is a constant metre of the orator.
观众是演说家的恒定计量单位。
There are many audiences in every public assembly, each one of which rules in turn.
每次公共集会都有很多观众，每个人轮流进行统治。
If anything comic and coarse is spoken, you shall see the emergence of the boys and rowdies, so loud and vivacious that you might think the house was filled with them.
如果说些滑稽和粗俗的话，你就会看到男孩和吵闹的人出现，他们吵闹而活泼，你可能会认为房子里挤满了他们。
If new topics are started, graver and higher, these roisters recede; a more chaste and wise attention takes place.
如果开始新的话题，更严重、更高的话题，这些骚动就会退去；一种更加贞洁和明智的关注发生了。
You would think the boys slept, and that the men have any degree of profoundness.
你可能会认为男孩们睡着了，而且这些男人有一定程度的深度。
If the speaker utter a noble sentiment, the attention deepens, a new and highest audience now listens, and the audiences of the fun and of facts and of the understanding are all silenced and awed.
如果演讲者表达出一种高尚的情感，注意力就会加深，新的、最高层的听众现在会倾听，而那些享受乐趣、了解事实和理解的听众都会保持沉默和敬畏。
There is also something excellent in every audience,--the capacity of virtue.
每个观众身上还有一种优秀的东西，那就是德行。
They are ready to be beatified.
他们已经准备好接受列真福了。
They know so much more than the orator,--and are so just! There is a tablet there for every line he can inscribe, though he should mount to the highest levels.
他们比演说家懂得多得多——而且非常公正！尽管他应该登上最高级别，但他可以刻写的每一行都有一个石碑。
Humble persons are conscious of new illumination; narrow brows expand with enlarged affections;--delicate spirits, long unknown to themselves, masked and muffled in coarsest fortunes, who now hear their own native language for the first time, and leap to hear it.
谦卑的人意识到新的启示；狭窄的眉毛随着扩大的感情而张开；——精致的灵魂，长期以来对自己一无所知，被最粗鄙的命运所掩盖和压抑，现在他们第一次听到自己的母语，并跳跃着听到它。
But all these several audiences, each above each, which successively appear to greet the variety of style and topic, are really composed out of the same persons; nay, sometimes the same individual will take active part in them all, in turn.
但所有这些依次出现、迎接不同风格和主题的观众，实际上是由同一个人组成的；不仅如此，有时同一个人会轮流积极参与所有这些活动。
This range of many powers in the consummate speaker, and of many audiences in one assembly, leads us to consider the successive stages of oratory.
完美演讲者的多种权力范围，以及一次集会中的众多听众，使我们思考演讲的连续阶段。
Perhaps it is the lowest of the qualities of an orator, but it is, on so many occasions, of chief importance,--a certain robust and radiant physical health; or,--shall I say?--great volumes of animal heat.
也许这是演说家最低的品质，但在很多情况下，它是最重要的——一定的强健和容光焕发的身体健康；或者，——我应该说吗？——大量的动物热量。
When each auditor feels himself to make too large a part of the assembly, and shudders with cold at the thinness of the morning audience, and with fear lest all will heavily fail through one bad speech, mere energy and mellowness are then inestimable.
当每位旁听者都觉得自己在集会中所占的份额太大，并因早上听众的稀少而感到冷得发抖，并担心一场糟糕的演讲会导致所有人严重失败时，那么，仅仅精力和成熟度就变得不可估量了。
Wisdom and learning would be harsh and unwelcome, compared with a substantial cordial man, made of milk, as we say, who is a house-warmer, with his obvious honesty and good meaning, and a hue-and-cry style of harangue, which inundates the assembly with a flood of animal spirits, and makes all safe and secure, so that any and every sort of good speaking becomes at once practicable.
与我们所说的牛奶制成的热情好客相比，智慧和学识是残酷的和不受欢迎的，他是一个温暖的家庭，他明显的诚实和善意，以及一种大声疾呼的长篇大论，它使集会充满了动物精神，使所有人都安全无虞，因此任何一种好的演讲都立即变得可行。
I do not rate this animal eloquence very highly; and yet, as we must be fed and warmed before we can do any work well,--even the best,--so is this semi-animal exuberance, like a good stove, of the first necessity in a cold house.
我对这种动物的口才评价不高；然而，正如我们必须先吃饱喝暖，然后才能做好任何工作，即使是最好的工作，这种半动物性的活力也是如此，就像一个好的炉子一样，是寒冷的房子里的首要必需品。
Climate has much to do with it,--climate and race.
气候与它有很大关系——气候和种族。
Set a New-Englander to describe any accident which happened in his presence.
让一位新英格兰人描述在他面前发生的任何事故。
What hesitation and reserve in his narrative! He tells with difficulty some particulars, and gets as fast as he can to the result, and, though he cannot describe, hopes to suggest the whole scene.
他的叙述中有多么犹豫和保留！他很难讲述一些细节，并尽可能快地得到结果，尽管他无法描述，但希望暗示整个场景。
Now listen to a poor Irishwoman recounting some experience of hers.
现在请听一位贫穷的爱尔兰妇女讲述她的一些经历。
Her speech flows like a river,--so unconsidered, so humorous, so pathetic, such justice done to all the parts! It is a true transubstantiation,--the fact converted into speech, all warm and colored and alive, as it fell out.
她的言语如河水般流淌，——如此不经思索，如此幽默，如此可怜，对所有部分都如此公正！这是一种真正的变体——事实转化为言语，当它落下时，一切都是温暖的、色彩丰富的、生动的。
Our Southern people are almost all speakers, and have every advantage over the New England people, whose climate is so cold that, ’tis said, we do not like to open our mouths very wide.
我们的南方人几乎都是会说话的人，比新英格兰人有很多优势，新英格兰人的气候如此寒冷，据说我们不喜欢把嘴张得很大。
But neither can the Southerner in the United States, nor the Irish, compare with the lively inhabitant of the south of Europe.
但美国南方人和爱尔兰人都无法与欧洲南部的活泼居民相比。
The traveller in Sicily needs no gayer melodramatic exhibition than the _table d’hôte_ of his inn will afford him in the conversation of the joyous guests.
西西里岛的旅行者不需要比他的旅馆的_d'hôte_在欢乐的客人的谈话中为他提供的更欢乐的戏剧性表演。
They mimic the voice and manner of the person they describe; they crow, squeal, hiss, cackle, bark, and scream like mad, and, were it only by the physical strength exerted in telling the story, keep the table in unbounded excitement.
他们模仿他们所描述的人的声音和举止；它们疯狂地啼叫、尖叫、嘶嘶声、咯咯笑、吠叫和尖叫，只要在讲故事时发挥出体力，餐桌上就会充满无限的兴奋。
But in every constitution some large degree of animal vigor is necessary as material foundation for the higher qualities of the art.
但在每一种构成中，一定程度的动物活力都是必要的，作为更高质量的艺术的物质基础。
But eloquence must be attractive, or it is none.
但口才必须有吸引力，否则就没有吸引力。
The virtue of books is, to be readable, and of orators, to be interesting; and this is a gift of Nature; as Demosthenes, the most laborious student in that kind, signified his sense of this necessity when he wrote, “Good Fortune,” as his motto on his shield.
书籍的优点是可读，演说家的优点是有趣。这是大自然的恩赐；德摩斯梯尼是这类学生中最勤奋的，他在盾牌上写下了“好运”作为自己的座右铭，这表明了他对这种必要性的认识。
As we know, the power of discourse of certain individuals amounts to fascination, though it may have no lasting effect.
众所周知，某些人的话语权足以令人着迷，尽管它可能不会产生持久的影响。
Some portion of this sugar must intermingle.
这种糖的某些部分必须混合在一起。
The right eloquence needs no bell to call the people together, and no constable to keep them.
正确的口才，不需要钟声来号召民众，也不需要警察来留住民众。
It draws the children from their play, the old from their arm-chairs, the invalid from his warm chamber: it holds the hearer fast; steals away his feet, that he shall not depart,--his memory, that he shall not remember the most pressing affairs,--his belief, that he shall not admit any opposing considerations.
它把孩子们从游戏中吸引出来，把老人从扶手椅上吸引过来，把病人从温暖的房间里吸引出来：它牢牢地抓住了听众；它把听众从他们的游戏中吸引出来。偷走他的双脚，让他不会离开；他的记忆，让他不记得最紧迫的事情；他的信仰，让他不会承认任何相反的考虑。
The pictures we have of it in semi-barbarous ages, when it has some advantages in the simpler habit of the people, show what it aims at.
我们在半野蛮时代所看到的它的图片，显示了它的目标是什么，当时它在人们的简单习惯中具有一些优势。
It is said that the Khans, or story-tellers, in Ispahan and other cities of the East, attain a controlling power over their audience, keeping them for many hours attentive to the most fanciful and extravagant adventures.
据说，伊斯帕罕和东方其他城市的可汗，即讲故事的人，获得了对观众的控制力，让他们长时间专注于最奇特、最奢侈的冒险。
The whole world knows pretty well the style of these improvisators, and how fascinating they are, in our translations of the “Arabian Nights.” Scheherezade tells these stories to save her life, and the delight of young Europe and young America in them proves that she fairly earned it.
全世界都非常了解这些即兴创作者的风格，以及他们在我们翻译的《一千零一夜》中的迷人之处。谢赫鲁佐德讲述这些故事是为了拯救她的生命，年轻的欧洲和年轻的美国对这些故事的喜悦证明她完全值得。
And who does not remember in childhood some white or black or yellow Scheherezade, who, by that talent of telling endless feats of fairies and magicians, and kings and queens, was more dear and wonderful to a circle of children than any orator in England or America is now? The more indolent and imaginative complexion of the Eastern nations makes them much more impressible by these appeals to the fancy.
谁不记得童年时的某个白人或黑人或黄色的谢赫鲁佐德，他凭借讲述仙女、魔术师、国王和王后无穷无尽的壮举的天赋，比英国或英国的任何演说家都更受孩子们的喜爱和喜爱。美国现在是？东方国家更加懒惰和富有想象力，这使得他们更容易受到这些幻想的影响。
These legends are only exaggerations of real occurrences, and every literature contains these high compliments to the art of the orator and the bard, from the Hebrew and the Greek down to the Scottish Glenkindie, who “harpit a fish out o’ saut-water, Or water out of a stone, Or milk out of a maiden’s breast Who bairn had never none.” Homer specially delighted in drawing the same figure.
这些传说只是对真实事件的夸大，每一种文学作品都包含对演说家和吟游诗人艺术的高度赞扬，从希伯来语和希腊语到苏格兰的格林金迪人，他们“用竖琴把鱼从水里捞出来，或者是从石头中流出的水，或者是从少女的乳房中流出的牛奶，而她生来时从未有过这种情况。”荷马特别喜欢画同样的人物。
For what is the “Odyssey” but a history of the orator, in the largest style, carried through a series of adventures furnishing brilliant opportunities to his talent? See with what care and pleasure the poet brings him on the stage.
《奥德赛》不就是一部演说家的历史，以最宏大的风格，经历了一系列冒险，为他的才华提供了绝佳的机会吗？看看诗人把他带到舞台上时是多么的关心和愉快。
Helen is pointing out to Priam, from a tower, the different Grecian chiefs.
海伦在塔楼上向普里阿摩斯指出不同的希腊酋长。
“The old man asked: ‘Tell me, dear child, who is that man, shorter by a head than Agamemnon, yet he looks broader in his shoulders and breast.
“老人问道：‘亲爱的孩子，告诉我，那个人是谁，他比阿伽门农矮一个头，但他的肩膀和胸部看起来更宽。
His arms lie on the ground, but he, like a leader, walks about the bands of the men.
他的手臂放在地上，但他像一位领袖一样，在士兵们的周围走来走去。
He seems to me like a stately ram, who goes as a master of the flock.’ Him answered Helen, daughter of Jove: ‘This is the wise Ulysses, son of Laertes, who was reared in the state of craggy Ithaca, knowing all wiles and wise counsels.’ To her the prudent Antenor replied again: ‘O woman, you have spoken truly.
在我看来，他就像一只庄严的公羊，是羊群的主人。他回答说，朱庇特的女儿海伦：“这是睿智的尤利西斯，雷厄提斯的儿子，他在崎岖的伊萨卡州长大，知道一切诡计和明智的建议。”谨慎的安特诺再次回答她：“女人啊，你说得对。”
For once the wise Ulysses came hither on an embassy, with Menelaus, beloved by Mars.
这一次，聪明的尤利西斯带着马尔斯所爱的墨涅拉俄斯来到了使馆。
I received them, and entertained them at my house.
我接待了他们，并在我家里招待了他们。
I became acquainted with the genius and the prudent judgments of both.
我逐渐熟悉了两人的天才和审慎的判断力。
When they mixed with the assembled Trojans, and stood, the broad shoulders of Menelaus rose above the other; but, both sitting, Ulysses was more majestic.
当他们与聚集的特洛伊人混在一起并站起来时，墨涅拉俄斯宽阔的肩膀高高耸立在另一个肩膀之上。但是，两人坐着时，尤利西斯显得更加威严。
When they conversed, and interweaved stories and opinions with all, Menelaus spoke succinctly,--few but very sweet words, since he was not talkative, nor superfluous in speech, and was the younger.
当他们交谈，并与所有人交织故事和观点时，墨涅拉俄斯说话简洁——话虽不多，但非常甜蜜，因为他不爱说话，也没有多余的言语，而且年纪更小。
But when the wise Ulysses arose, and stood, and looked down, fixing his eyes on the ground, and neither moved his sceptre backward nor forward, but held it still, like an awkward person, you would say it was some angry or foolish man; but when he sent his great voice forth out of his breast, and his words fell like the winter snows, not then would any mortal contend with Ulysses; and we, beholding, wondered not afterwards so much at his aspect.’”[B] Thus he does not fail to arm Ulysses at first with this power of overcoming all opposition by the blandishments of speech.
但是，当聪明的尤利西斯站起来，低头看着地面，既不前后移动权杖，而是保持不动，就像一个笨拙的人，你会说这是一个愤怒或愚蠢的人;但当他从胸中发出洪亮的声音，他的话语如冬雪般落下时，任何凡人都不会与尤利西斯抗衡。 ”[B]因此，他一开始就用语言的花言巧语来克服所有反对的力量，从而武装了尤利西斯。
Plutarch tells us that Thucydides, when Archidamus, king of Sparta, asked him which was the best wrestler,--Pericles or he,--replied, “When I throw him, he says he was never down, and he persuades the very spectators to believe him.” Philip of Macedon said of Demosthenes, on hearing the report of one of his orations, “Had I been there, he would have persuaded me to take up arms against myself”; and Warren Hastings said of Burke’s speech on his impeachment, “As I listened to the orator, I felt for more than half an hour as if I were the most culpable being on earth.” In these examples, higher qualities have already entered; but the power of detaining the ear by pleasing speech, and addressing the fancy and imagination, often exists without higher merits.
普鲁塔克告诉我们，当斯巴达国王阿基达姆斯问修昔底德，伯里克利和他谁是最好的摔跤手时，修昔底德回答说：“当我把他摔倒时，他说他从未失败过，他说服了观众。”去相信他。”马其顿的腓力在听到德摩斯梯尼的一次演讲时这样评价他：“如果我在场，他一定会说服我拿起武器反对自己”。沃伦·黑斯廷斯谈到伯克关于弹劾他的演讲时说，“当我听这位演说家的讲话时，我在半个多小时的时间里感觉自己好像是世界上最有罪的人。”在这些例子中，更高的品质已经进入；但是，通过令人愉悦的言语、表达幻想和想象来留住耳朵的力量，往往没有更高的优点。
Thus separated, as this fascination of discourse aims only at amusement, though it be decisive in its momentary effect, it is yet a juggle, and of no lasting power.
如此分开，因为这种话语的魅力只是为了娱乐，尽管它的短暂效果是决定性的，但它仍然是一种杂耍，没有持久的力量。
It is heard like a band of music passing through the streets, which converts all the passengers into poets, but is forgotten as soon as it has turned the next corner; and unless this oiled tongue could, in Oriental phrase, lick the sun and moon away, it must take its place with opium and brandy.
它听起来就像一支音乐乐队穿过街道，把所有的乘客都变成了诗人，但一转过下一个街角就被遗忘了；用东方的话来说，除非这条涂油的舌头能够舔走太阳和月亮，否则它必须用鸦片和白兰地来取代。
I know no remedy against it but cotton-wool, or the wax which Ulysses stuffed into the ears of his sailors to pass the Sirens safely.
我不知道有什么办法可以对付它，除了棉絮，或者尤利西斯塞进他的水手耳朵里以安全通过塞壬的蜡。
There are all degrees of power, and the least are interesting, but they must not be confounded.
权力有各种程度，最不重要的权力也很有趣，但不能将它们混为一谈。
There is the glib tongue and cool self-possession of the salesman in a large shop, which, as is well known, overpower the prudence and resolution of housekeepers of both sexes.
众所周知，大商店里的推销员的油嘴滑舌和冷静镇定压倒了男女管家的谨慎和决心。
There is a petty lawyer’s fluency, which is sufficiently impressive to him who is devoid of that talent, though it be, in so many cases, nothing more than a facility of expressing with accuracy and speed what everybody thinks and says more slowly, without new information, or precision of thought,--but the same thing, neither less nor more.
有一种小律师的流利程度，对于缺乏这种才能的人来说，这足以令人印象深刻，尽管在很多情况下，它只不过是一种准确而快速地表达每个人的想法和说法的能力，速度较慢，没有新的东西。信息，或者思想的精确性，——但都是同一件事，既不多也不少。
It requires no special insight to edit one of our country newspapers.
编辑我们国家的一份报纸并不需要特殊的洞察力。
Yet whoever can say off currently, sentence by sentence, matter neither better nor worse than what is there printed, will be very impressive to our easily pleased population.
然而，无论谁现在能够逐句地说，与印刷的内容相比既好也不坏，都会给我们容易高兴的人们留下深刻的印象。
These talkers are of that class who prosper, like the celebrated schoolmaster, by being only one lesson ahead of the pupil.
这些演讲者属于这一类人，他们就像著名的校长一样，只比学生领先一节课。
Add a little sarcasm, and prompt allusion to passing occurrences, and you have the mischievous member of Congress.
加上一点讽刺，并暗示过去发生的事情，你就得到了顽皮的国会议员。
A spice of malice, a ruffian touch in his rhetoric, will do him no harm with his audience.
他的言辞中的一丝恶意、一丝粗鲁，不会对他的听众造成任何伤害。
These accomplishments are of the same kind, and only a degree higher than the coaxing of the auctioneer, or the vituperative style well described in the street-word “jawing.” These kinds of public and private speaking have their use and convenience to the practitioners; but we may say of such collectively, that the habit of oratory is apt to disqualify them for eloquence.
这些成就属于同一类，只是比拍卖师的哄骗或街头用语“下巴”中所描述的谩骂风格高一些。这些公开和私下的演讲对于练习者来说都有其用处和方便；但我们可以说，对于这些人来说，演讲的习惯很容易使他们失去口才的资格。
One of our statesmen said, “The curse of this country is eloquent men.” And one cannot wonder at the uneasiness sometimes manifested by trained statesmen, with large experience of public affairs, when they observe the disproportionate advantage suddenly given to oratory over the most solid and accumulated public service.
我们的一位政治家说过：“这个国家的诅咒就是雄辩的人。”当训练有素、拥有丰富公共事务经验的政治家发现演讲突然比最坚实和积累的公共服务拥有不成比例的优势时，他们有时会表现出不安，这是不足为奇的。
In a Senate or other business committee, the solid result depends on a few men with working-talent.
在参议院或其他商业委员会中，坚实的结果取决于少数具有工作才能的人。
They know how to deal with the facts before them, to put things into a practical shape, and they value men only as they can forward the work.
他们知道如何处理眼前的事实，将事情付诸实践，他们只看重能够推进工作的人。
But a new man comes there, who has no capacity for helping them at all, is insignificant, and nobody in the committee, but has a talent for speaking.
但来了一个新人，他根本没有能力帮助他们，微不足道，委员会里没有一个人，但是有演讲的天赋。
In the debate with open doors, this precious person makes a speech, which is printed, and read all over the Union, and he at once becomes famous, and takes the lead in the public mind over all these executive men, who, of course, are full of indignation to find one who has no tact or skill, and knows he has none, put over them by means of this talking-power which they despise.
在敞开大门的辩论中，这位珍贵的人发表了一篇演讲，该演讲被印刷并在整个联盟中阅读，他立即变得出名，并在公众心目中领先于所有这些行政人员，当然，他们，他们充满愤慨地发现一个没有机智或技能的人，并且知道自己没有，用他们所鄙视的谈话能力来凌驾于他们之上。
Leaving behind us these pretensions, better or worse, to come a little nearer to the verity,--eloquence is attractive as an example of the magic of personal ascendency,--a total and resultant power, rare, because it requires a rich coincidence of powers, intellect, will, sympathy, organs, and, over all, good fortune in the cause.
把这些自命不凡的东西抛在身后，无论好坏，都可以更接近事实——作为个人优势魔力的一个例子，口才很有吸引力——一种总的、综合的力量，罕见，因为它需要丰富的巧合力量、智力、意志、同情心、器官，以及最重要的是事业上的好运气。
We have a half-belief that the person is possible who can counterpoise all other persons.
我们半信半疑地认为，某个人可能能够制衡所有其他人。
We believe that there may be a man who is a match for events,--one who never found his match,--against whom other men being dashed are broken,--one of inexhaustible personal resources, who can give you any odds and beat you.
我们相信，可能有一个人能够与各种事件相匹敌，一个从未找到过自己对手的人，与他相比，其他被击垮的人都崩溃了，一个取之不尽用之不竭的个人资源，他可以给你任何机会和机会。揍你。
What we really wish for is a mind equal to any exigency.
我们真正希望的是有一颗应对任何紧急情况的头脑。
You are safe in your rural district, or in the city, in broad daylight, amidst the police, and under the eyes of a hundred thousand people.
无论是在农村，还是在城市，光天化日之下，在警察之中，在十万人的注视下，你都是安全的。
But how is it on the Atlantic, in a storm,--do you understand how to infuse your reason into men disabled by terror, and to bring yourself off safe then?--how among thieves, or among an infuriated populace, or among cannibals? Face to face with a highwayman who has every temptation and opportunity for violence and plunder, can you bring yourself off safe by your wit, exercised through speech?--a problem easy enough to Cæsar or Napoleon.
但是在大西洋上，在暴风雨中，你知道如何将你的理性注入到因恐惧而丧失能力的人中，然后让自己安全离开吗？食人者？面对一个充满各种诱惑和机会进行暴力和掠夺的拦路强盗，你能凭借通过言语锻炼的智慧使自己安全逃脱吗？——这个问题对凯撒或拿破仑来说很容易解决。
Whenever a man of that stamp arrives, the highwayman has found a master.
每当有这样的人到来时，强盗就找到了主人。
What a difference between men in power of face! A man succeeds because he has more power of eye than another, and so coaxes or confounds him.
男人之间的面子力量是多么的不同啊！一个人之所以成功，是因为他比别人更有眼力，从而可以哄骗或迷惑他。
The newspapers, every week, report the adventures of some impudent swindler, who, by steadiness of carriage, duped those who should have known better.
报纸每周都会报道一些厚颜无耻的骗子的冒险经历，他们以稳健的举止欺骗了那些本应更了解情况的人。
Yet any swindlers we have known are novices and bunglers, as is attested by their ill name.
然而，我们认识的任何骗子都是新手和笨手笨脚的人，他们的恶名就证明了这一点。
A greater power of face would accomplish anything, and, with the rest of their takings, take away the bad name.
更大的面子力量可以成就任何事情，并且，连同他们的其他收入，可以消除坏名声。
A greater power of carrying the thing loftily, and with perfect assurance, would confound merchant, banker, judge, men of influence and power,--poet and president,--and might head any party, unseat any sovereign, and abrogate any constitution in Europe and America.
一个更大的权力，高高在上，并有完全的把握，将使商人、银行家、法官、有影响力和权力的人——诗人和总统——感到困惑，并可能领导任何政党，推翻任何君主，废除任何宪法在欧洲和美洲。
It was said that a man has at one step attained vast power, who has renounced his moral sentiment, and settled it with himself that he will no longer stick at anything.
有人说，一个人一旦放弃了自己的道德情操，并且下定决心不再坚持任何事情，他就一步获得了巨大的权力。
It was said of Sir William Pepperel, one of the worthies of New England, that, “put him where you might, he commanded, and saw what he willed come to pass.” Julius Cæsar said to Metellus, when that tribune interfered to hinder him from entering the Roman treasury, “Young man, it is easier for me to put you to death than to say that I will”; and the youth yielded.
据说，新英格兰的一位伟人威廉·佩佩雷尔爵士说：“按照他的命令，把他安排在你能安排的地方，看看他会发生什么。”当保民官阻止梅特鲁斯进入罗马国库时，朱利叶斯·凯撒对梅特鲁斯说：“年轻人，对我来说，处死你比说我要处死更容易。”年轻人屈服了。
In earlier days, he was taken by pirates.
早些时候，他被海盗带走了。
What then? He threw himself into their ship, established the most extraordinary intimacies, told them stories, declaimed to them; if they did not applaud his speeches, he threatened them with hanging,--which he performed afterwards,--and, in a short time, was master of all on board.
然后怎样呢？他投身于他们的船上，建立了最非凡的亲密关系，给他们讲故事，向他们朗诵。如果他们不为他的演讲鼓掌，他就会威胁他们绞死——他后来就这么做了——而且，在很短的时间内，他就成为了船上所有人的主人。
A man this is who cannot be disconcerted, and so can never play his last card, but has a reserve of power when he has hit his mark.
这样的人不会惊慌失措，因此永远不会打出他的最后一张牌，但当他达到目标时，他会保留力量。
With a serene face, he subverts a kingdom.
他以平静的面容颠覆了一个王国。
What is told of him is miraculous; it affects men so.
关于他的传说是神奇的。它对男人如此影响。
The confidence of men in him is lavish, and he changes the face of the world, and histories, poems, and new philosophies arise to account for him.
人们对他充满信心，他改变了世界的面貌，历史、诗歌和新哲学的出现为他做出了解释。
A supreme commander over all his passions and affections; but the secret of his ruling is higher than that.
一位统帅一切激情和感情的最高统帅；但他执政的秘密却比这更高。
It is the power of Nature running without impediment from the brain and will into the hands.
这是自然的力量，毫无阻碍地从大脑和意志流淌到手中。
Men and women are his game.
男人和女人都是他的游戏。
Where they are, he cannot be without resource.
他们在哪里，他就不可能没有资源。
“Whoso can speak well,” said Luther, “is a man.” It was men of this stamp that the Grecian States used to ask of Sparta for generals.
路德说：“谁能说得好，谁就是一个人。”希腊诸国过去向斯巴达征召将军的正是具有这种特质的人。
They did not send to Lacedæmon for troops, but they said, “Send us a commander”; and Pausanias, or Gylippus, or Brasidas, or Agis, was despatched by the Ephors.
他们没有向拉栖代梦派遣军队，但他们说：“给我们派一名指挥官”；保萨尼亚斯、吉利普斯、布拉西达斯或阿吉斯则由长官派出。
It is easy to illustrate this overpowering personality by these examples of soldiers and kings; but there are men of the most peaceful way of life, and peaceful principle, who are felt, wherever they go, as sensibly as a July sun or a December frost,--men who, if they speak, are heard, though they speak in a whisper,--who, when they act, act effectually, and what they do is imitated; and these examples may be found on very humble platforms, as well as on high ones.
通过这些士兵和国王的例子很容易说明这种压倒性的个性。但也有一些人，他们的生活方式极其平和，原则平和，无论他们走到哪里，他们都会像七月的阳光或十二月的霜冻一样被人感觉到——这些人，如果他们说话，就会被听到，尽管他们说话低声说——当他们行动时，他们的行动是有效的，他们的所作所为被模仿；这些例子可以在非常不起眼的平台上找到，也可以在高级平台上找到。
In old countries, a high money-value is set on the services of men who have achieved a personal distinction.
在古老的国家，对取得个人成就的人的服务给予很高的金钱价值。
He who has points to carry must hire, not a skilful attorney, but a commanding person.
有观点的人必须雇用一个有指挥能力的人，而不是一个熟练的律师。
A barrister in England is reputed to have made thirty or forty thousand pounds _per annum_ in representing the claims of railroad companies before committees of the House of Commons.
据说，英国的一位大律师在下议院委员会代表铁路公司提出索赔，每年能赚三四万英镑。
His clients pay not so much for legal as for manly accomplishments,--for courage, conduct, and a commanding social position, which enable him to make their claims heard and respected.
他的客户付出的代价与其说是为了法律，不如说是为了男子气概的成就——勇气、行为和居高临下的社会地位，这些使他能够让他们的主张得到倾听和尊重。
I know very well, that, among our cool and calculating people, where every man mounts guard over himself, where heats and panics and abandonments are quite out of the system, there is a good deal of scepticism as to extraordinary influence.
我非常清楚，在我们冷静而精于算计的人们中，每个人都对自己保持警惕，热情、恐慌和遗弃完全不在系统之内，因此对非凡的影响力存在很多怀疑。
To talk of an overpowering mind rouses the same jealousy and defiance which one may observe round a table where anybody is recounting the marvellous anecdotes of mesmerism.
谈论压倒性的心灵会激起人们在餐桌旁讲述催眠术奇妙轶事时所观察到的同样的嫉妒和蔑视。
Each auditor puts a final stroke to the discourse by exclaiming, “Can he mesmerize _me_?” So each man inquires if any orator can change _his_ convictions.
每位旁听者都会大声喊道：“他能催眠我吗？”因此，每个人都询问是否有任何演说家可以改变他的信念。
But does any one suppose himself to be quite impregnable? Does he think that not possibly a man may come to him who shall persuade him out of his most settled determination?--for example, good sedate citizen as he is, to make a fanatic of him,--or, if he is penurious, to squander money for some purpose he now least thinks of,--or, if he is a prudent, industrious person, to forsake his work, and give days and weeks to a new interest? No, he defies any one, every one.
但有人认为自己是坚不可摧的吗？他是否认为不可能有一个人来说服他放弃他最坚定的决心？——例如，尽管他是一个冷静的好公民，却会把他变成狂热分子，——或者，如果他是吝啬的， ，为了他现在最不考虑的某个目的而浪费金钱，或者，如果他是一个谨慎、勤奋的人，放弃他的工作，花几天或几周的时间去培养新的兴趣？不，他藐视任何人，每一个人。
Ah! he is thinking of resistance, and of a different turn from his own.
啊!他正在考虑反抗，以及与他自己不同的转变。
But what if one should come of the same turn of mind as his own, and who sees much farther on his own way than he? A man who has tastes like mine, but in greater power, will rule me any day, and make me love my ruler.
但如果一个人和他有同样的想法，而且谁比他看得更远呢？一个与我品味相似，但权力更大的人，有一天会统治我，让我爱我的统治者。
Thus it is not powers of speech that we primarily consider under this word _eloquence_, but the power that, being present, gives them their perfection, and, being absent, leaves them a merely superficial value.
因此，我们在“口才”这个词下主要考虑的不是言语的力量，而是这种力量，如果存在，则赋予它们完美的力量，而如果缺席，则仅留下肤浅的价值。
Eloquence is the appropriate organ of the highest personal energy.
口才是个人最高能量的适当器官。
Personal ascendency may exist with or without adequate talent for its expression.
无论是否有足够的天赋来表达个人优势，都可能存在。
It is as surely felt as a mountain or a planet; but when it is weaponed with a power of speech, it seems first to become truly human, works actively in all directions, and supplies the imagination with fine materials.
它的感觉就像一座山或一颗行星一样。但当它有了语言的力量时，它似乎首先成为真正的人，在各个方面积极地工作，并为想象力提供精美的材料。
This circumstance enters into every consideration of the power of orators, and is the key to all their effects.
这种情况涉及到演说家力量的每一个考虑因素，并且是其所有效果的关键。
In the assembly, you shall find the orator and the audience in perpetual balance; and the predominance of either is indicated by the choice of topic.
在集会中，你会发现演说者和听众永远处于平衡状态。主题的选择表明了其中任何一个的主导地位。
If the talents for speaking exist, but not the strong personality, then there are good speakers who perfectly receive and express the will of the audience, and the commonest populace is flattered by hearing its low mind returned to it with every ornament which happy talent can add.
如果有演讲的才能，但没有坚强的个性，那么就会有优秀的演讲者，他们能够完美地接受和表达听众的意愿，而最普通的民众会因听到他们的卑鄙思想以快乐的才华所能达到的每一个装饰而回归而感到受宠若惊。添加。
But if there be personality in the orator, the face of things changes.
但如果演说家有个性，事情的面貌就会改变。
The audience is thrown into the attitude of pupil, follows like a child its preceptor, and hears what he has to say.
观众陷入学生的态度，像孩子一样跟随老师，听他说的话。
It is as if, amidst the king’s council at Madrid, Ximenes urged that an advantage might be gained of France, and Mendoza that Flanders might be kept down, and Columbus, being introduced, was interrogated whether his geographical knowledge could aid the cabinet, and he can say nothing to one party or to the other, but he can show how all Europe can be diminished and reduced under the king, by annexing to Spain a continent as large as six or seven Europes.
就好像，在马德里的国王会议上，希梅内斯主张可以从法国获得优势，而门多萨则主张可以压制佛兰德斯，而哥伦布在被介绍时，被询问他的地理知识是否可以帮助内阁，并且他不能对任何一方或另一方说什么，但他可以表明，通过将六七个欧洲那么大的大陆吞并西班牙，整个欧洲在国王的统治下是如何被削弱和削弱的。
This balance between the orator and the audience is expressed in what is called the pertinence of the speaker.
演讲者和听众之间的这种平衡表现为演讲者的针对性。
There is always a rivalry between the orator and the occasion, between the demands of the hour and the prepossession of the individual.
演说者与场合之间、时代的要求与个人的偏见之间总是存在着竞争。
The emergency which has convened the meeting is usually of more importance than anything the debaters have in their minds, and therefore becomes imperative to them.
召开会议的紧急情况通常比辩论者心中的任何事情都更重要，因此对他们来说变得势在必行。
But if one of them have anything of commanding necessity in his heart, how speedily he will find vent for it, and with the applause of the assembly! This balance is observed in the privatest intercourse.
但是，如果其中一个人心里有任何迫切需要的事情，他会多么迅速地找到发泄的渠道，并得到集会的掌声！这种平衡可以在最私密的交往中观察到。
Poor Tom never knew the time when the present occurrence was so trivial that he could tell what was passing in his mind without being checked for unseasonable speech; but let Bacon speak, and wise men would rather listen, though the revolution of kingdoms was on foot.
可怜的汤姆从来不知道现在发生的事情是如此微不足道，以至于他无需检查是否有不合时宜的言论就可以说出自己脑海中正在发生的事情。但让培根说话，智者宁愿听，尽管王国的革命正在进行中。
I have heard it reported of an eloquent preacher, whose voice is not yet forgotten in this city, that, on occasions of death or tragic disaster, which overspread the congregation with gloom, he ascended the pulpit with more than his usual alacrity, and, turning to his favorite lessons of devout and jubilant thankfulness,--“Let us praise the Lord,”--carried audience, mourners, and mourning along with him, and swept away all the impertinence of private sorrow with his hosannas and songs of praise.
我听说过一位雄辩的传教士，他的声音在这个城市尚未被遗忘，每当死亡或悲惨灾难使会众笼罩在悲观气氛中时，他就会以比平时更加敏捷的方式登上讲坛，并且，转向他最喜欢的虔诚和欢欣鼓舞的感恩课程——“让我们赞美主”——带着听众、哀悼者和他一起哀悼，并用他的和撒和赞美之歌一扫所有不恰当的私人悲伤。 。
Pepys says of Lord Clarendon (with whom “he is mad in love”), on his return from a conference, “I did never observe how much easier a man do speak when he knows all the company to be below him, than in him; for, though he spoke indeed excellent well, yet his manner and freedom of doing it, as if he played with it, and was informing only all the rest of the company, was mighty pretty.”[C] This rivalry between the orator and the occasion is inevitable, and the occasion always yields to the eminence of the speaker; for a great man is the greatest of occasions.
佩皮斯在谈到克拉伦登勋爵（“他疯狂地爱上了他”）时，在他从一次会议回来后说道，“我从来没有观察到，当一个人知道所有的人都在他之下时，他说话比在他身边容易得多。 ;因为，尽管他确实说得很好，但他的方式和做事的自由度却非常漂亮，就好像他在玩弄它，并且只通知公司的其他人一样。”[C]演说家和演说家之间的这种竞争场合是不可避免的，而场合总是让位于说话者的地位。对于伟人来说，最伟大的时刻就是最伟大的时刻。
Of course, the interest of the audience and of the orator conspire.
当然，观众和演说家的兴趣是密不可分的。
It is well with them only when his influence is complete; then only they are well pleased.
只有当他的影响力完全发挥时，他们才好。那么只有他们很高兴。
Especially, he consults his power by making instead of taking his theme.
特别是，他通过创作而不是接受他的主题来咨询他的力量。
If he should attempt to instruct the people in that which they already know, he would fail; but, by making them wise in that which he knows, he has the advantage of the assembly every moment.
如果他试图向人们传授他们已经知道的知识，他就会失败。但是，通过让他们在他所知道的事情上变得明智，他每时每刻都拥有集会的优势。
Napoleon’s tactics of marching on the angle of an army, and always presenting a superiority of numbers, is the orator’s secret also.
拿破仑以军队的角度行进并始终表现出数量优势的战术也是这位演说家的秘密。
The several talents which the orator employs, the splendid weapons which went to the equipment of Demosthenes, of Æschines, of Demades the natural orator, of Fox, of Pitt, of Patrick Henry, of Adams, of Mirabeau, deserve a special enumeration.
演说家所运用的多种才能，以及德摩斯梯尼、埃斯基涅斯、天生演说家德马德斯、福克斯、皮特、帕特里克·亨利、亚当斯、米拉波所装备的辉煌武器，都值得特别列举。
We must not quite omit to name the principal pieces.
我们不能完全忽略主要部分的名称。
The orator, as we have seen, must be a substantial personality.
正如我们所见，演说家必须是一个有个性的人。
Then, first, he must have power of statement,--must have the fact, and know how to tell it.
那么，首先，他必须有陈述的能力——必须掌握事实，并且知道如何讲述它。
In any knot of men conversing on any subject, the person who knows most about it will have the ear of the company, if he wishes it, and lead the conversation,--no matter what genius or distinction other men there present may have; and in any public assembly, him who has the facts, and can and will state them, people will listen to, though he is otherwise ignorant, though he is hoarse and ungraceful, though he stutters and screams.
在任何一群人就任何主题进行交谈时，如果他愿意的话，最了解该话题的人就会得到大家的倾听，并引导谈话——无论在场的其他人可能有什么天才或杰出之处；在任何公共集会中，如果一个人掌握了事实，并且能够而且愿意陈述这些事实，人们就会倾听，尽管他在其他方面无知，尽管他声音嘶哑、不优雅，尽管他结结巴巴、尖叫不已。
In a court of justice, the audience are impartial; they really wish to sift the statements and know what the truth is.
法庭上，观众是公正的；他们确实希望筛选这些陈述并了解真相是什么。
And in the examination of witnesses there usually leap out, quite unexpectedly, three or four stubborn words or phrases which are the pith and fate of the business, which sink into the ear of all parties, and stick there, and determine the cause.
在对证人的询问中，通常会出人意料地跳出三四个顽固的单词或短语，这些单词或短语是案件的精髓和命运，它们会深入各方的耳中，粘在那里，并确定原因。
All the rest is repetition and qualifying; and the court and the county have really come together to arrive at these three or four memorable expressions, which betrayed the mind and meaning of somebody.
剩下的就是重复和资格赛；法院和县政府确实齐心协力，得出了这三四个令人难忘的表达方式，这些表达方式背叛了某人的思想和意义。
In every company, the man with the fact is like the guide you hire to lead your party up a mountain, or through a difficult country.
在每家公司中，掌握事实的人就像你雇佣的向导，带领你的团队上山，或者穿过一个困难的国家。
He may not compare with any of the party in mind, or breeding, or courage, or possessions, but he is much more important to the present need than any of them.
他可能无法与任何政党的思想、教养、勇气或财产相比，但他对当前的需要比他们中的任何一个都重要得多。
That is what we go to the court-house for,--the statement of the fact, and the elimination of a general fact, the real relation of all the parties; and it is the certainty with which, indifferently in any affair that is well handled, the truth stares us in the face, through all the disguises that are put upon it,--a piece of the well-known human life,--that makes the interest of a court-room to the intelligent spectator.
这就是我们去法院的目的——陈述事实，消除一般事实，即所有当事人的真实关系；正是这种确定性，在任何处理得当的事情中，真相都在我们面前，透过所有的伪装，——众所周知的人类生活的一部分——使聪明的旁观者对法庭产生兴趣。
I remember, long ago, being attracted by the distinction of the counsel, and the local importance of the cause, into the court-room.
我记得，很久以前，我被律师的杰出表现和该事业在当地的重要性所吸引，走进了法庭。
The prisoner’s counsel were the strongest and cunningest lawyers in the Commonwealth.
囚犯的律师是联邦最强大、最狡猾的律师。
They drove the attorney for the State from corner to corner, taking his reasons from under him, and reducing him to silence, but not to submission.
他们驱使州检察官从一个角落到另一个角落，从他的手下夺走他的理由，让他保持沉默，但不让他屈服。
When hard pressed, he revenged himself, in his turn, on the judge, by requiring the court to define what salvage was.
当压力很大时，他又向法官报复，要求法院定义什么是救助。
The court, thus pushed, tried words, and said everything it could think of to fill the time, supposing cases, and describing duties of insurers, captains, pilots, and miscellaneous sea-officers that are or might be,--like a schoolmaster puzzled by a hard sum, who reads the context with emphasis.
法庭因此而被迫，尝试用词，说出它能想到的一切来打发时间，假设案件，并描述保险公司、船长、飞行员和各种海员的职责，他们是或可能是——就像一个校长对一个硬总和感到困惑，谁强调阅读上下文。
But all this flood not serving the cuttle-fish to get away in, the horrible shark of the district-attorney being still there, grimly awaiting with his “The court must define,”--the poor court pleaded its inferiority.
但所有这些洪水并没有为乌贼提供逃脱的机会，地方检察官的可怕鲨鱼仍然在那里，冷酷地等待着他的“法院必须定义”——可怜的法院辩称自己的低劣。
The superior court must establish the law for this, and it read away piteously the decisions of the Supreme Court, but read to those who had no pity.
上级法院必须为此制定法律，它可怜兮兮地宣读最高法院的判决，却向那些毫不怜悯的人宣读。
The judge was forced at last to rule something, and the lawyers saved their rogue under the fog of a definition.
法官最终被迫作出裁决，而律师则在定义的迷雾下拯救了他们的流氓。
The parts were so well cast and discriminated, that it was an interesting game to watch.
这些角色的演员阵容非常出色，而且很有辨识度，所以这是一场有趣的比赛。
The government was well enough represented.
政府有足够的代表性。
It was stupid, but it had a strong will and possession, and stood on that to the last.
它很愚蠢，但它有坚强的意志和占有欲，并且坚持到底。
The judge had a task beyond his preparation, yet his position remained real: he was there to represent a great reality,--the justice of states, which we could well enough see beetling over his head, and which his trifling talk nowise affected, and did not impede, since he was entirely well-meaning.
法官的任务超出了他的准备，但他的立场仍然是真实的：他在那里代表了一个伟大的现实——国家的正义，我们完全可以看到它在他的头顶上盘旋，而他的琐碎谈话丝毫不会影响到这一点，他并没有阻止，因为他完全是出于好意。
The statement of the fact, however, sinks before the statement of the law, which requires immeasurably higher powers, and is a rarest gift, being in all great masters one and the same thing,--in lawyers, nothing technical, but always some piece of common sense, alike interesting to laymen as to clerks.
然而，事实的陈述在法律的陈述之前就沉没了，法律的陈述需要无法估量的更高的权力，并且是一种最稀有的天赋，在所有伟大的大师中都是同一件事——在律师中，没有什么技术性的，但总是有一些这是一个常识，对于外行和职员来说都同样有趣。
Lord Mansfield’s merit is the merit of common sense.
曼斯菲尔德勋爵的优点是常识的优点。
It is the same quality we admire in Aristotle, Montaigne, Cervantes, or in Samuel Johnson, or Franklin.
这与我们钦佩的亚里士多德、蒙田、塞万提斯、塞缪尔·约翰逊或富兰克林的品质相同。
Its application to law seems quite accidental.
它应用于法律似乎很偶然。
Each of Mansfield’s famous decisions contains a level sentence or two, which hit the mark.
曼斯菲尔德的每一个著名判决都包含一两句话，切中要害。
His sentences are not always finished to the eye, but are finished to the mind.
他的句子并不总是在眼睛上完成，但在头脑中却完成了。
The sentences are involved, but a solid proposition is set forth, a true distinction is drawn.
虽然涉及到句子，但提出了坚实的命题，得出了真正的区别。
They come from and they go to the sound human understanding; and I read without surprise that the black-letter lawyers of the day sneered at his “equitable decisions,” as if they were not also learned.
它们来自人类健全的理解，也走向健全的人类理解；我毫不惊讶地读到，当时的黑字律师嘲笑他的“公平决定”，就好像他们也没有学过一样。
This, indeed, is what speech is for,--to make the statement; and all that is called eloquence seems to me of little use, for the most part, to those who have if, but inestimable to such as have something to say.
事实上，这就是演讲的目的——发表声明；表达观点。在我看来，所有所谓的口才对于那些有能力的人来说几乎没有什么用处，但对于那些有话要说的人来说却是不可估量的。
Next to the knowledge of the fact and its law is method, which constitutes the genius and efficiency of all remarkable men.
除了对事实及其规律的认识之外，还有方法，它构成了所有杰出人物的天才和效率。
A crowd of men go up to Faneuil Hall; they are all pretty well acquainted with the object of the meeting; they have all read the facts in the same newspapers.
一群人走向法尼尔厅；他们都非常熟悉会议的目的；他们都在同一份报纸上读到了事实。
The orator possesses no information which his hearers have not; yet he teaches them to see the thing with his eyes.
演说者所掌握的信息，他的听众所不具备的。但他却教他们用眼睛看事物。
By the new placing, the circumstances acquire new solidity and worth.
通过新的排名，情况获得了新的稳定性和价值。
Every fact gains consequence by his naming it, and trifles become important.
每一个事实都因他的命名而变得重要，琐事变得重要。
His expressions fix themselves in men’s memories, and fly from mouth to mouth.
他的表情固定在人们的记忆中，并在人们的口中流传。
His mind has some new principle of order.
他的头脑有了一些新的秩序原则。
Where he looks, all things fly into their places.
他目光所及之处，一切事物都飞到各自的位置。
What will he say next? Let this man speak, and this man only.
接下来他会说什么？让这个人说话，而且只让这个人说话。
By applying the habits of a higher style of thought to the common affairs of this world, he introduces beauty and magnificence wherever he goes.
通过将更高层次的思想习惯运用到这个世界的常见事务中，他所到之处都将美丽和壮丽带入其中。
Such a power was Burke’s, and of this genius we have had some brilliant examples in our own political and legal men.
伯克具有这样的力量，我们在我们自己的政治和法律人士身上也有一些关于这种天才的杰出例子。
Imagery.
图像。
The orator must be, to a certain extent, a poet.
在某种程度上，演说家必须是诗人。
We are such imaginative creatures, that nothing so works on the human mind, barbarous or civil, as a trope.
我们是富有想象力的生物，没有什么比比喻更能打动人类的心灵，无论是野蛮的还是文明的。
Condense some daily experience into a glowing symbol, and an audience is electrified.
将一些日常经验浓缩成一个发光的符号，观众就会被震撼。
They feel as if they already possessed some new right and power over a fact, which they can detach, and so completely master in thought.
他们觉得自己似乎已经对事实拥有了某种新的权利和力量，他们可以将其分离出来，从而在思想上完全掌握。
It is a wonderful aid to the memory, which carries away the image, and never loses it.
它对记忆有极好的帮助，可以带走图像，并且永远不会丢失它。
A popular assembly, like the House of Commons, or the French Chamber, or the American Congress, is commanded by these two powers,--first by a fact, then by skill of statement.
一个民众议会，如下议院、法国商会或美国国会，是由这两种权力来指挥的——首先是事实，然后是陈述技巧。
Put the argument into a concrete shape, into an image,--some hard phrase, round and solid as a ball, which they can see and handle and carry home with them,--and the cause is half won.
把论点转化为具体的形状、形象——一些艰难的短语，像球一样圆润坚实，他们可以看到、处理并随身携带回家——那么，事业就成功了一半。
Statement, method, imagery, selection, tenacity of memory, power of dealing with facts, of illuminating them, of sinking them by ridicule or by diversion of the mind, rapid generalization, humor, pathos, are keys which the orator holds; and yet these fine gifts are not eloquence, and do often hinder a man’s attainment of it.
陈述、方法、意象、选择、记忆力、处理事实、阐明事实、通过嘲笑或转移思想来沉没事实的能力、快速概括、幽默、悲情，是演说家所掌握的关键；然而，这些美好的天赋并不是雄辩，而且常常阻碍一个人获得雄辩。
And if we come to the heart of the mystery, perhaps we should say that the truly eloquent man is a sane man with power to communicate his sanity.
如果我们触及这个谜团的核心，或许我们应该说，真正能言善辩的人是一个神智清醒的人，有能力表达自己的理智。
If you arm the man with the extraordinary weapons of this art, give him a grasp of facts, learning, quick fancy, sarcasm, splendid allusion, interminable illustration,--all these talents, so potent and charming, have an equal power to insnare and mislead the audience and the orator.
如果你用这门艺术的非凡武器武装这个人，让他掌握事实、学识、快速的想象、讽刺、精彩的典故、没完没了的插图——所有这些才华，如此强大和迷人，都有同样的力量诱骗人。并误导观众和演说者。
His talents are too much for him, his horses run away with him; and people always perceive whether you drive, or whether the horses take the bits in their teeth and run.
他的才华超出了他的能力，他的马匹也跟着他跑了；人们总是能察觉到你是否开车，或者马是否咬紧牙关逃跑。
But these talents are quite something else when they are subordinated and serve him; and we go to Washington, or to Westminster Hall, or might well go round the world, to see a man who drives, and is not run away with,--a man who, in prosecuting great designs, has an absolute command of the means of representing his ideas, and uses them only to express these; placing facts, placing men; amid the inconceivable levity of human beings, never for an instant warped from his erectness.
但当这些人才服从他并为他服务时，就完全是另外一回事了。我们去华盛顿，或者去威斯敏斯特大厅，或者很可能环游世界，去看看一个开车的人，而不是逃跑的人——一个在实现伟大计划的过程中，对整个世界拥有绝对控制权的人。表达他的想法的手段，并且仅使用它们来表达这些想法；摆事实，摆人；在人类难以想象的轻浮之中，他的直立状态一刻也没有扭曲。
There is for every man a statement possible of that truth which he is most unwilling to receive,--a statement possible, so broad and so pungent that he cannot get away from it, but must either bend to it or die of it.
对于每个人来说，对于他最不愿意接受的真理，都有一种可能的陈述——一种可能的陈述，如此广泛、如此尖锐，以至于他无法摆脱它，而必须要么屈服于它，要么死于它。
Else there would be no such word as eloquence, which means this.
不然就不会有雄辩这个词了，就是这个意思。
The listener cannot hide from himself that something has been shown him and the whole world, which he did not wish to see; and, as he cannot dispose of it, it disposes of him.
听者无法向自己隐瞒，他和整个世界已经向他展示了一些他不希望看到的东西。正如他无法处置它一样，它也处置了他。
The history of public men and affairs in America will readily furnish tragic examples of this fatal force.
美国公共人物和事务的历史很容易提供这种致命力量的悲剧例子。
For the triumphs of the art somewhat more must still be required, namely, a reinforcing of man from events, so as to give the double force of reason and destiny.
为了艺术的胜利，还需要更多的东西，即加强人对事件的影响，以便赋予理性和命运的双重力量。
In transcendent eloquence, there was ever some crisis in affairs, such as could deeply engage the man to the cause he pleads, and draw all this wide power to a point.
在超凡的雄辩中，事务中总会出现一些危机，例如可以使人深入参与他所主张的事业，并将所有这些广泛的力量集中到一个点上。
For the explosions and eruptions, there must be accumulations of heat somewhere, beds of ignited anthracite at the centre.
对于爆炸和喷发，一定有某处热量积聚，中心是被点燃的无烟煤床。
And in cases where profound conviction has been wrought, the eloquent man is he who is no beautiful speaker, but who is inwardly drunk with a certain belief.
在具有深刻信念的情况下，雄辩的人并不是一个美丽的演讲者，而是内心沉醉于某种信念的人。
It agitates and tears him, and perhaps almost bereaves him of the power of articulation.
它让他激动、流泪，也许几乎让他丧失了表达的能力。
Then it rushes from him as in short, abrupt screams, in torrents of meaning.
然后它从他身上涌出，就像短促、突然的尖叫，充满意义的洪流。
The possession the subject has of his mind is so entire, that it insures an order of expression which is the order of Nature itself, and so the order of greatest force, and inimitable by any art.
主体对他的心灵的占有是如此完整，以至于它确保了一种表达的秩序，这种秩序是自然本身的秩序，因此是最强大的秩序，是任何艺术都无法模仿的。
And the main distinction between him and other well-graced actors is the conviction, communicated by every word, that his mind is contemplating a whole, and inflamed by the contemplation of the whole, and that the words and sentences uttered by him, however admirable, fall from him as unregarded parts of that terrible whole which he sees, and which he means that you shall see.
他和其他优雅的演员之间的主要区别在于，他的每一个字都传达出一种信念，即他的思想正在沉思一个整体，并因整体的沉思而受到激励，而他所说的单词和句子，无论多么令人钦佩，从他身上掉下来，作为他所看到的可怕整体中被忽视的部分，他想让你看到。
Add to this concentration a certain regnant calmness, which, in all the tumult, never utters a premature syllable, but keeps the secret of its means and method; and the orator stands before the people as a demoniacal power to whose miracles they have no key.
除了这种专注之外，还增添了某种统治般的平静，在所有的喧嚣中，这种平静从不发出过早的音节，而是保守其手段和方法的秘密；演说家以恶魔般的力量出现在人们面前，而人们却无从知晓其奇迹的钥匙。
This terrible earnestness makes good the ancient superstition of the hunter, that the bullet will hit its mark, which is first dipped in the marksman’s blood.
这种可怕的认真证实了猎人的古老迷信，即子弹会击中目标，而目标首先会浸入射手的血液中。
Eloquence must be grounded on the plainest narrative.
雄辩必须建立在最简单的叙述之上。
Afterwards, it may warm itself until it exhales symbols of every kind and color, speaks only through the most poetic forms; but, first and last, it must still be at bottom a biblical statement of fact.
然后，它可能会温暖自己，直到它呼出各种颜色的符号，只通过最诗意的形式说话；但是，首先也是最后，它本质上仍然是圣经对事实的陈述。
The orator is thereby an orator, that he keeps his feet ever on a fact.
因此，演说家之所以是演说家，是因为他始终立足于事实。
Thus only is he invincible.
唯有如此，他才是无敌的。
No gifts, no graces, no power of wit or learning or illustration, will make any amends for want of this.
任何礼物、恩典、智慧、学识或阐释的力量都无法弥补这一点。
All audiences are just to this point.
所有观众都到了这一步。
Fame of voice or of rhetoric will carry people a few times to hear a speaker; but they soon begin to ask, “What is he driving at?” and if this man does not stand for anything, he will be deserted.
声名或修辞的名气会让人们多次聆听演讲者的演讲。但他们很快就开始问：“他到底想做什么？”如果这个人不坚持任何事情，他就会被抛弃。
A good upholder of anything which they believe, a fact-speaker of any kind, they will long follow; but a pause in the speaker’s own character is very properly a loss of attraction.
一个他们所相信的任何事情的良好支持者，任何类型的事实发言人，他们都会长期追随；但是说话者本身性格的停顿就很恰当地失去了吸引力。
The preacher enumerates his classes of men, and I do not find my place therein; I suspect, then, that no man does.
传教士列举了他的人物类别，但我在其中找不到自己的位置；那么我怀疑没有人这样做。
Everything is my cousin; and whilst he speaks things, I feel that he is touching some of my relations, and I am uneasy; but whilst he deals in words, we are released from attention.
一切都是我的表弟；当他说话的时候，我感觉他在触动我的一些亲戚，我感到不安。但当他用言语表达的时候，我们的注意力就被释放了。
If you would lift me, you must be on higher ground.
如果你要举起我，你必须站在更高的地方。
If you would liberate me, you must be free.
如果你想解放我，你就必须自由。
If you would correct my false view of facts,--hold up to me the same facts in the true order of thought, and I cannot go back from the new conviction.
如果你能纠正我对事实的错误看法，请以正确的思想顺序向我提出同样的事实，我就无法从新的信念中反悔。
The power of Chatham, of Pericles, of Luther, rested on this strength of character, which, because it did not and could not fear anybody, made nothing of their antagonists, and became sometimes exquisitely provoking and sometimes terrific to these.
查塔姆、伯里克利、路德的力量都建立在这种性格的力量上，这种性格因为不畏惧任何人，也不可能害怕任何人，所以对他们的对手不屑一顾，有时对他们来说非常令人恼火，有时又令人畏惧。
We are slenderly furnished with anecdotes of these men, nor can we help ourselves by those heavy books in which their discourses are reported.
我们掌握的这些人的轶事寥寥无几，我们也无法从那些报道他们言论的厚重书籍中得到帮助。
Some of them were writers, like Burke; but most of them were not, and no record at all adequate to their fame remains.
他们中的一些人是作家，比如伯克；还有一些人是作家。但他们中的大多数人都没有，而且根本没有留下任何足以证明他们名声的记录。
Besides, what is best is lost,--the fiery life of the moment.
此外，最好的东西都失去了——当下火热的生活。
But the conditions for eloquence always exist.
但口才的条件总是存在的。
It is always dying out of famous places, and appearing in corners.
它总是从著名的地方消失，出现在角落里。
Wherever the polarities meet, wherever the fresh moral sentiment, the instinct of freedom and duty, come in direct opposition to fossil conservatism and the thirst of gain, the spark will pass.
每当两极相遇，每当新的道德情感、自由和责任的本能与僵化的保守主义和对利益的渴望直接对立时，火花就会消失。
The resistance to slavery in this country has been a fruitful nursery of orators.
这个国家对奴隶制的抵抗一直是演说家卓有成效的苗圃。
The natural connection by which it drew to itself a train of moral reforms, and the slight yet sufficient party organization it offered, reinforced the city with new blood from the woods and mountains.
它所带来的一系列道德改革的自然联系，以及它所提供的微小但充分的党组织，用来自森林和山区的新鲜血液增强了这座城市。
Wild men, John Baptists, Hermit Peters, John Knoxes, utter the savage sentiment of Nature in the heart of commercial capitals.
约翰·施洗者、隐士彼得斯、约翰·诺克斯等野人在商业首都的中心表达了大自然的野蛮情感。
They send us every year some piece of aboriginal strength, some tough oak-stick of a man who is not to be silenced or insulted or intimidated by a mob, because he is more mob than they,--one who mobs the mob,--some sturdy countryman, on whom neither money, nor politeness, nor hard words, nor eggs, nor blows, nor brickbats, make any impression.
他们每年都会给我们送来一些原住民的力量，一些坚韧的橡木棍，一个不能被暴民压制、侮辱或恐吓的人，因为他比他们更暴民——一个暴民暴民的人，—— ——某个强壮的乡下人，金钱、礼貌、严厉的言语、鸡蛋、殴打、砖块都无法给他留下任何印象。
He is fit to meet the bar-room wits and bullies; he is a wit and a bully himself, and something more: he is a graduate of the plough, and the stub-hoe, and the bushwhacker; knows all the secrets of swamp and snow-bank, and has nothing to learn of labor or poverty or the rough of farming.
他适合与酒吧里的智者和恶霸打交道。他本人是一个机智的人，也是一个恶霸，而且还不止于此：他是犁地、锄头和丛林砍伐者的毕业生。了解沼泽和雪堆的所有秘密，却对劳动、贫穷或农耕的艰辛一无所知。
His hard head went through, in childhood, the drill of Calvinism, with text and mortification, so that he stands in the New England assembly a purer bit of New England than any, and flings his sarcasms right and left.
他顽强的头脑在童年时期就经历了加尔文主义的训练，伴随着文本和屈辱，因此他在新英格兰议会中比任何人都更纯粹地代表新英格兰，并左右讽刺。
He has not only the documents in his pocket to answer all cavils, and to prove all his positions, but he has the eternal reason in his head.
他不仅口袋里有文件可以回答所有的挑剔，证明他的所有立场，而且他的头脑里还有永恒的理由。
This man scornfully renounces your civil organizations,--county, or city, or governor, or army,--is his own navy and artillery, judge and jury, legislature and executive.
这个人轻蔑地放弃了你的民间组织——县、市、州长或军队——是他自己的海军和炮兵、法官和陪审团、立法机关和行政机关。
He has learned his lessons in a bitter school.
他在痛苦的学校里吸取了教训。
Yet, if the pupil be of a texture to bear it, the best university that can be recommended to a man of ideas is the gauntlet of the mobs.
然而，如果学生的素质能够承受，那么可以推荐给有思想的人的最好的大学就是暴民的挑战。
He who will train himself to mastery in this science of persuasion must lay the emphasis of education, not on popular arts, but on character and insight.
想要训练自己掌握这门说服科学的人，必须把教育的重点放在品格和洞察力上，而不是流行艺术上。
Let him see that his speech is not differenced from action; that, when he has spoken, he has not done nothing, nor done wrong, but has cleared his own skirts, has engaged himself to wholesome exertion.
让他看到他的言语与行动没有分别；当他说话时，他没有做任何事，也没有做错事，而是清理了自己的裙子，致力于健康的努力。
Let him look on opposition as opportunity.
让他将反对视为机会。
He cannot be defeated or put down.
他不能被击败或被压制。
There is a principle of resurrection in him, an immortality of purpose.
他里面有复活的原则，有不朽的目的。
Men are averse and hostile, to give value to their suffrages.
男人们厌恶并充满敌意，不愿赋予自己的选举权以价值。
It is not the people that are in fault for not being convinced, but he that cannot convince them.
不是人民不服气，而是他不能服人。
He should mould them, armed as he is with the reason and love which are also the core of their nature.
他应该塑造他们，用理性和爱来武装他们，这也是他们本性的核心。
He is not to neutralize their opposition, but he is to convert them into fiery apostles and publishers of the same wisdom.
他并不是要消除他们的反对，而是要将他们转变为同样智慧的火热使徒和传道员。
The highest platform of eloquence is the moral sentiment.
口才的最高境界是道德情操。
It is what is called affirmative truth, and has the property of invigorating the hearer; and it conveys a hint of our eternity, when he feels himself addressed on grounds which will remain when everything else is taken, and which have no trace of time or place or party.
这就是所谓的肯定真理，具有使听者振奋的特性。当他感到自己的诉说是在其他一切都被拿走时仍然存在的基础上进行的，并且没有时间、地点或政党的痕迹时，它传达了我们永恒的暗示。
Everything hostile is stricken down in the presence of the sentiments; their majesty is felt by the most obdurate.
一切敌意在情感面前都会被消灭；最顽固的人也能感受到他们的威严。
It is observable that, as soon as one acts for large masses, the moral element will and must be allowed for, will and must work; and the men least accustomed to appeal to these sentiments invariably recall them when they address nations.
可以看出，一旦一个人为广大群众采取行动，道德因素就会而且必须被允许，将会并且必须发挥作用；而那些最不习惯诉诸这些情绪的人在向各国发表讲话时总是会想起这些情绪。
Napoleon, even, must accept and use it as he can.
甚至拿破仑也必须尽可能地接受和利用它。
It is only to these simple strokes that the highest power belongs,--when a weak human hand touches, point by point, the eternal beams and rafters on which the whole structure of Nature and society is laid.
只有这些简单的笔画才具有最高的力量——当人类的一只软弱的手一点一点地触摸到自然和社会的整个结构所奠定的永恒的梁和椽时。
In this tossing sea of delusion, we feel with our feet the adamant; in this dominion of chance, we find a principle of permanence.
在这波涛汹涌的迷海中，我们用脚感受坚定；在这种机会的支配下，我们找到了永恒的原则。
For I do not accept that definition of Isocrates, that the office of his art is, to make the great small and the small great; but I esteem this to be its perfection,--when the orator sees through all masks to the eternal scale of truth, in such sort that he can hold up before the eyes of men the fact of to-day steadily to that standard, thereby making the great great, and the small small, which is the true way to astonish and to reform mankind.
因为我不接受伊索克拉底的定义，即他的艺术的职责是使大事变小，使小事变大。但我认为这就是它的完美——当演说家看穿所有的面具，达到真理的永恒尺度，他能够在人们眼前稳定地按照那个标准坚持今天的事实，从而以大者为大，以小者为小，这才是真正震撼人类、改造人类的方法。
All the chief orators of the world have been grave men, relying on this reality.
世界上所有的主要演说家都是严肃的人，他们都依赖这一现实。
One thought the philosophers of Demosthenes’s own time found running through all his orations,--this namely, that “virtue secures its own success.” “To stand on one’s own feet” Heeren finds the key-note to the discourses of Demosthenes, as of Chatham.
德摩斯梯尼时代的哲学家们发现，他所有的演说中都贯穿着一种思想——即“美德确保其自身的成功”。 “自力更生”赫伦找到了德摩斯梯尼和查塔姆话语的基调。
Eloquence, like every other art, rests on laws the most exact and determinate.
与其他艺术一样，口才也依赖于最精确、最确定的法则。
It is the best speech of the best soul.
这是最好的灵魂的最好的演讲。
It may well stand as the exponent of all that is grand and immortal in the mind.
它很可能代表了心灵中所有伟大和不朽的事物。
If it do not so become an instrument, but aspires to be somewhat of itself, and to glitter for show, it is false and weak.
如果它不成为一种工具，而是渴望成为某种东西，并为了炫耀而闪闪发光，那么它就是虚假的和软弱的。
In its right exercise, it is an elastic, unexhausted power,--who has sounded, who has estimated it?--expanding with the expansion of our interests and affections.
如果运用得当，它是一种有弹性的、永不枯竭的力量——谁发出声音，谁估量过它？——随着我们兴趣和情感的扩展而扩展。
Its great masters, whilst they valued every help to its attainment, and thought no pains too great which contributed in any manner to further it;--resembling the Arabian warrior of fame, who wore seventeen weapons in his belt, and in personal combat used them all occasionally;--yet subordinated all means; never permitted any talent--neither voice, rhythm, poetic power, anecdote, sarcasm--to appear for show; but were grave men, who preferred their integrity to their talent, and esteemed that object for which they toiled, whether the prosperity of their country, or the laws, or a reformation, or liberty of speech or of the press, or letters, or morals, as above the whole world, and themselves also.
它的伟大主人，虽然他们重视对它的实现的每一个帮助，并且认为没有什么太大的痛苦可以以任何方式促进它；-就像著名的阿拉伯战士一样，他的腰带上戴着十七件武器，在个人战斗中使用他们都是偶尔的；——但服从于一切手段；从来不允许任何才华——无论是声音、节奏、诗意力量、轶事、讽刺——出现来展示；但他们是严肃的人，他们更看重自己的正直而不是才华，并尊重他们辛勤工作的目标，无论是国家的繁荣，还是法律，或改革，或言论自由，出版自由，文学自由，或道德高于整个世界，也高于他们自己。
DOMESTIC LIFE.
家庭生活。
DOMESTIC LIFE.
家庭生活。
The perfection of the providence for childhood is easily acknowledged.
童年的完美天意是很容易被承认的。
The care which covers the seed of the tree under tough husks and stony cases provides for the human plant the mother’s breast and the father’s house.
将树的种子覆盖在坚硬的外壳和石质外壳下的护理为人类植物提供了母亲的乳房和父亲的房屋。
The size of the nestler is comic, and its tiny beseeching weakness is compensated perfectly by the happy patronizing look of the mother, who is a sort of high reposing Providence toward it.
巢鸟的体型很滑稽，它那小小的恳求的弱点被母亲幸福的居高临下的表情完美地弥补了，母亲对它来说就像是一种安宁的上帝。
Welcome to the parents the puny struggler, strong in his weakness, his little arms more irresistible than the soldier’s, his lips touched with persuasion which Chatham and Pericles in manhood had not.
欢迎来到父母身边，这位微不足道的奋斗者，在他的弱点中坚强，他的小手臂比士兵的手臂更难以抗拒，他的嘴唇充满了说服力，这是查塔姆和伯里克利成年后所没有的。
His unaffected lamentations when he lifts up his voice on high, or, more beautiful, the sobbing child,--the face all liquid grief, as he tries to swallow his vexation,--soften all hearts to pity, and to mirthful and clamorous compassion.
当他提高声音时，他的纯真哀悼，或者更美丽的是，哭泣的孩子——当他试图吞下他的烦恼时，脸上充满了液体悲伤——软化了所有的心，变得怜悯，变得快乐和喧闹。同情。
The small despot asks so little that all reason and all nature are on his side.
这个小暴君的要求如此之少，以至于所有理性和所有自然都站在他一边。
His ignorance is more charming than all knowledge, and his little sins more bewitching than any virtue.
他的无知比一切知识更迷人，他的小罪恶比任何美德更迷人。
His flesh is angels’ flesh, all alive.
他的肉体是天使的肉体，都是活生生的。
“Infancy,” said Coleridge, “presents body and spirit in unity: the body is all animated.” All day, between his three or four sleeps, he coos like a pigeon-house, sputters, and spurs, and puts on his faces of importance; and when he fasts, the little Pharisee fails not to sound his trumpet before him.
柯勒律治说：“婴儿期呈现出身体和精神的统一：身体是充满活力的。”整天，在他三四次睡觉之间，他像鸽舍一样咕咕叫，语无伦次，踢马刺，并表现出一副重要的样子。当他禁食的时候，这个小法利赛人却没有在他面前吹号。
By lamplight he delights in shadows on the wall; by daylight, in yellow and scarlet.
在灯光下，他喜欢墙上的影子；白天，呈黄色和猩红色。
Carry him out of doors,--he is overpowered by the light and by the extent of natural objects, and is silent.
带他到门外——他被光线和自然物体的范围所压倒，并且保持沉默。
Then presently begins his use of his fingers, and he studies power, the lesson of his race.
然后不久他就开始使用他的手指，并研究力量，这是他的种族的教训。
First it appears in no great harm, in architectural tastes.
首先，它在建筑品味方面似乎没有太大危害。
Out of blocks, thread-spools, cards, and checkers, he will build his pyramid with the gravity of Palladio.
他将用积木、线轴、卡片和跳棋，利用帕拉迪奥的引力建造他的金字塔。
With an acoustic apparatus of whistle and rattle he explores the laws of sound.
他用哨子和嘎嘎声的声学装置探索声音的规律。
But chiefly, like his senior countrymen, the young American studies new and speedier modes of transportation.
但主要的是，像他的年长同胞一样，这位年轻的美国人研究新的、更快的交通方式。
Mistrusting the cunning of his small legs, he wishes to ride on the necks and shoulders of all flesh.
他不相信自己小腿的狡猾，他希望骑在所有肉体的脖子和肩膀上。
The small enchanter nothing can withstand,--no seniority of age, no gravity of character; uncles, aunts, grandsires, grandams, fall an easy prey: he conforms to nobody, all conform to him; all caper and make mouths, and babble, and chirrup to him.
小巫师没有什么可以抵挡的——没有年龄的资历，没有性格的严肃；叔叔、阿姨、祖父、祖母，很容易成为牺牲品：他不效仿任何人，所有人都效仿他；所有人都对他雀跃、张嘴、胡言乱语、叽叽喳喳。
On the strongest shoulders he rides, and pulls the hair of laurelled heads.
他骑在最坚强的肩膀上，拉着桂冠头上的头发。
“The childhood,” said Milton, “shows the man, as morning shows the day.” The child realizes to every man his own earliest remembrance, and so supplies a defect in our education, or enables us to live over the unconscious history with a sympathy so tender as to be almost personal experience.
弥尔顿说：“童年展现了一个人，就像早晨展现了一天一样。”孩子让每个人都认识到自己最早的记忆，因此弥补了我们教育中的缺陷，或者使我们能够以一种几乎是个人经历的温柔同情心来生活在无意识的历史中。
Fast--almost too fast for the wistful curiosity of the parents, studious of the witchcraft of curls and dimples and broken words--the little talker grows to a boy.
很快——对于父母渴望的好奇心来说几乎太快了，他们热衷于卷发、酒窝和断断续续的话语的巫术——这个小说话者长成了一个男孩。
He walks daily among wonders: fire, light, darkness, the moon, the stars, the furniture of the house, the red tin horse, the domestics, who like rude foster-mothers befriend and feed him, the faces that claim his kisses, are all in turn absorbing; yet warm, cheerful, and with good appetite the little sovereign subdues them without knowing it; the new knowledge is taken up into the life of to-day and becomes the means of more.
他每天都在奇迹中行走：火、光、黑暗、月亮、星星、房子里的家具、红锡马、家仆，他们像粗鲁的养母一样友好地对待他并喂养他，那些要求他亲吻的面孔，都依次吸引人；然而，这位小君主却热情、开朗、胃口好，不知不觉地征服了他们。新知识被融入到今天的生活中，并成为更多的手段。
The blowing rose is a new event; the garden full of flowers is Eden over again to the small Adam; the rain, the ice, the frost, make epochs in his life.
吹玫瑰是一个新事件；开满鲜花的花园是小亚当的伊甸园；雨、冰、霜，在他的生命中留下了新的纪元。
What a holiday is the first snow in which Twoshoes can be trusted abroad! What art can paint or gild any object in after-life with the glow which Nature gives to the first baubles of childhood! St.
在国外，Twoshoes 值得信赖，初雪是多么美好的节日啊！什么样的艺术才能在来世为任何物体涂上或镀上大自然赋予童年最初的小玩意的光芒！英石。
Peter’s cannot have the magical power over us that the red and gold covers of our first picture-book possessed.
彼得的书不可能像我们第一本图画书的红色和金色封面那样对我们具有神奇的力量。
How the imagination cleaves to the warm glories of that tinsel even now! What entertainments make every day bright and short for the fine freshman! The street is old as Nature; the persons all have their sacredness.
即使现在，想象力仍然与那金属丝的温暖光辉相结合！对于优秀的新生来说，有哪些娱乐活动让每一天都变得既明亮又短暂！街道像大自然一样古老；人都有其神圣性。
His imaginative life dresses all things in their best.
他富有想象力的生活让一切都呈现出最美的样子。
His fears adorn the dark parts with poetry.
他的恐惧给黑暗部分增添了诗意。
He has heard of wild horses and of bad boys, and with a pleasing terror he watches at his gate for the passing of those varieties of each species.
他听说过野马和坏孩子，他怀着愉快的恐惧在门口注视着各种不同种类的动物经过。
The first ride into the country, the first bath in running water, the first time the skates are put on, the first game out of doors in moonlight, the books of the nursery, are new chapters of joy.
第一次骑马进乡下，第一次在流水里洗澡，第一次穿上溜冰鞋，第一次在月光下的户外游戏，幼儿园的书，都是新的欢乐篇章。
The “Arabian Nights’ Entertainments,” the “Seven Champions of Christendom,” “Robinson Crusoe,” and the “Pilgrim’s Progress,”--what mines of thought and emotion, what a wardrobe to dress the whole world withal, are in this encyclopædia of young thinking! And so by beautiful traits, which, without art, yet seem the masterpiece of wisdom, provoking the love that watches and educates him, the little pilgrim prosecutes the journey through nature which he has thus gayly begun.
《一千零一夜的娱乐》、《基督教世界的七大斗士》、《鲁宾逊漂流记》和《天路历程》——这是多么丰富的思想和情感，多么适合装扮整个世界的衣橱。年轻思维百科全书！因此，通过美丽的特质，这些美丽的特质，虽然没有艺术，但似乎是智慧的杰作，激发了观察和教育他的爱，这位小朝圣者继续着他如此愉快地开始的自然之旅。
He grows up the ornament and joy of the house, which rings to his glee, to rosy boyhood.
他把家里的装饰和欢乐长大了，这让他高兴不已，直到童年的玫瑰色。
The household is the home of the man, as well as of the child.
家庭是男人的家，也是孩子的家。
The events that occur therein are more near and affecting to us than those which are sought in senates and academies.
其中发生的事件比在元老院和学术界寻求的事件更贴近我们、更影响我们。
Domestic events are certainly our affair.
国内活动当然是我们的事。
What are called public events may or may not be ours.
所谓的公共事件可能是也可能不是我们的。
If a man wishes to acquaint himself with the real history of the world, with the spirit of the age, he must not go first to the state-house or the court-room.
如果一个人希望了解世界的真实历史和时代精神，他一定不能先去政府大楼或法庭。
The subtle spirit of life must be sought in facts nearer.
生活的微妙精神必须在更接近的事实中寻找。
It is what is done and suffered in the house, in the constitution, in the temperament, in the personal history, that has the profoundest interest for us.
我们最感兴趣的是在家里、在体质、在性情、在个人经历中所做的事情和遭受的痛苦。
Fact is better than fiction, if only we could get pure fact.
事实胜于雄辩，只要我们能得到纯粹的事实就好了。
Do you think any rhetoric or any romance would get your ear from the wise gypsy who could tell straight on the real fortunes of the man; who could reconcile your moral character and your natural history; who could explain your misfortunes, your fevers, your debts, your temperament, your habits of thought, your tastes, and, in every explanation, not sever you from the whole, but unite you to it? Is it not plain that not in senates, or courts, or chambers of commerce, but in the dwelling-house must the true character and hope of the time be consulted? These facts are, to be sure, harder to read.
你认为聪明的吉普赛人会听出任何花言巧语或浪漫故事吗？谁能调和你的道德品质和你的自然史？谁能解释你的不幸、你的发烧、你的债务、你的性情、你的思维习惯、你的品味，并且在每一种解释中，都不会将你从整体中分离出来，而是将你团结起来？不是在参议院、法院或商会，而是在住宅中，必须考虑当时的真实特征和希望，这不是很明显吗？诚然，这些事实更难读懂。
It is easier to count the census, or compute the square extent of a territory, to criticise its polity, books, art, than to come to the persons and dwellings of men, and read their character and hope in their way of life.
计算人口普查，或者计算一块领土的面积，批评它的政体、书籍、艺术，比接触人们的人和住所、了解他们的性格和他们生活方式的希望要容易得多。
Yet we are always hovering round this better divination.
然而我们总是徘徊在这个更好的占卜周围。
In one form or another, we are always returning to it.
我们总是以一种或另一种形式回到它。
The physiognomy and phrenology of to-day are rash and mechanical systems enough, but they rest on everlasting foundations.
当今的面相学和颅相学是鲁莽而机械的系统，但它们却建立在永恒的基础上。
We are sure that the sacred form of man is not seen in these whimsical, pitiful, and sinister masks (masks which we wear and which we meet), these bloated and shrivelled bodies, bald heads, bead eyes, short winds, puny and precarious healths, and early deaths.
我们确信，在这些异想天开的、可怜的、险恶的面具（我们所佩戴的、我们所遇见的面具）、这些臃肿干瘪的身体、光头、水珠眼、短促的风、弱小的和不稳定的面具中，看不到人的神圣形态。健康和早逝。
We live ruins amidst ruins.
我们生活在废墟之中。
The great facts are the near ones.
伟大的事实是近在眼前的事实。
The account of the body is to be sought in the mind.
身体的叙述要在头脑中寻找。
The history of your fortunes is written first in your life.
你的命运历史首先写在你的生命中。
Let us come, then, out of the public square, and enter the domestic precinct.
那么，让我们走出公共广场，进入国内区域吧。
Let us go to the sitting-room, the table-talk, and the expenditure of our contemporaries.
让我们看看我们同时代人的客厅、餐桌谈话和支出。
An increased consciousness of the soul, you say, characterizes the period.
你说，灵魂意识的增强是这一时期的特征。
Let us see if it has not only arranged the atoms at the circumference, but the atoms at the core.
让我们看看它是否不仅将原子排列在圆周上，而且将原子排列在核心上。
Does the household obey an idea? Do you see the man,--his form, genius, and aspiration,--in his economy? Is that translucent, thorough-lighted? There should be nothing confounding and conventional in economy, but the genius and love of the man so conspicuously marked in all his estate, that the eye that knew him should read his character in his property, in his grounds, in his ornaments, in every expense.
家庭服从一个想法吗？你在他的经济中看到了这个人——他的外表、天才和抱负吗？那是半透明的、透光的吗？在经济上不应该有什么令人困惑和传统的事情，但这个人的天才和爱心在他的所有财产中如此明显地表现出来，以至于了解他的眼睛应该从他的财产、他的土地、他的装饰品、他的每一个方面看出他的性格。费用。
A man’s money should not follow the direction of his neighbor’s money, but should represent to him the things he would willingliest do with it.
一个人的钱不应该跟随他邻居的钱的方向，而应该代表他最愿意用它做的事情。
I am not one thing and my expenditure another.
我不是一回事，我的支出又是另一回事。
My expenditure is me.
我的支出就是我。
That our expenditure and our character are twain, is the vice of society.
我们的支出和我们的品格是一体的，这是社会的恶习。
We ask the price of many things in shops and stalls, but some things each man buys without hesitation, if it were only letters at the post-office, conveyance in carriages and boats, tools for his work, books that are written to his condition, etc.
我们在商店和摊位上询问许多东西的价格，但有些东西每个人都会毫不犹豫地购买，如果只是邮局的信件，马车和船只的交通工具，他的工作工具，根据他的情况写的书， ETC。
Let him never buy anything else than what he wants, never subscribe at others’ instance, never give unwillingly.
让他永远不要买他想要的东西，永远不要在别人的要求下订阅，永远不要不情愿地给予。
Thus, a scholar is a literary foundation.
由此可见，学者是有文学基础的。
All his expense is for Aristotle, Fabricius, Erasmus, and Petrarch.
他所有的费用都是为了亚里士多德、法布里修斯、伊拉斯谟和彼特拉克。
Do not ask him to help with his savings young drapers or grocers to stock their shops, or eager agents to lobby in legislatures, or join a company to build a factory or a fishing-craft.
不要要求他用自己的积蓄帮助年轻的布商或杂货商为商店进货，或热心的代理人在立法机关游说，或加入一家公司建造工厂或渔船。
These things are also to be done, but not by such as he.
这些事也该做，但不是他这样的人做的。
How could such a book as Plato’s Dialogues have come down, but for the sacred savings of scholars and their fantastic appropriation of them? Another man is a mechanical genius, an inventor of looms, a builder of ships,--a ship-building foundation, and could achieve nothing if he should dissipate himself on books or on horses.
如果不是学者们的神圣积蓄和他们对它们的奇妙挪用，像柏拉图对话录这样的书怎么可能流传下来呢？另一个人是机械天才，是织布机的发明者，是船舶的建造者，是造船的基础，如果他把自己消磨在书本或骑马上，那么他将一事无成。
Another is a farmer,--an agricultural foundation; another is a chemist,--and the same rule holds for all.
另一个是农民——农业基金会；另一个是化学家——同样的规则适用于所有人。
We must not make believe with our money, but spend heartily, and buy _up_ and not _down_.
我们不能用钱去相信，而是要尽情地花钱，买涨而不是买跌。
I am afraid that, so considered, our houses will not be found to have unity, and to express the best thought.
我担心，如此考虑，我们的房子将不会被发现具有统一性，并且无法表达最好的想法。
The household, the calling, the friendships, of the citizen are not homogeneous.
公民的家庭、职业、友谊并不是同质的。
His house ought to show us his honest opinion of what makes his well-being when he rests among his kindred, and forgets all affectation, compliance, and even exertion of will.
他的房子应该向我们展示他对什么使他幸福的诚实看法，当他安息在他的亲人中间，忘记所有的矫揉造作、顺从甚至意志的运用时。
He brings home whatever commodities and ornaments have for years allured his pursuit, and his character must be seen in them.
他把多年来吸引他的一切商品和装饰品带回家，从这些商品和装饰品中一定可以看出他的性格。
But what idea predominates in our houses? Thrift first, then convenience and pleasure.
但在我们的家里，什么观念占主导地位呢？首先节俭，然后方便和快乐。
Take off all the roofs, from street to street, and we shall seldom find the temple of any higher god than Prudence.
把所有的屋顶都拆掉，从一条街到另一条街，我们就很难找到比普鲁登斯更高的神殿了。
The progress of domestic living has been in cleanliness, in ventilation, in health, in decorum, in countless means and arts of comfort, in the concentration of all the utilities of every clime in each house.
家庭生活的进步体现在清洁、通风、健康、礼仪、无数舒适的手段和艺术、每间房子里集中了各种气候的所有设施。
They are arranged for low benefits.
他们的福利很低。
The houses of the rich are confectioners’ shops, where we get sweetmeats and wine; the houses of the poor are imitations of these to the extent of their ability.
富人的房子是糖果店，我们在那里买甜食和酒；穷人的房子是在其能力范围内模仿这些的。
With these ends housekeeping is not beautiful; it cheers and raises neither the husband, the wife, nor the child; neither the host, nor the guest; it oppresses women.
有了这些目的，家务管理就不那么美好了；它既不能使丈夫、妻子和孩子高兴，也不能养育孩子。既不是主人，也不是客人；它压迫妇女。
A house kept to the end of prudence is laborious without joy; a house kept to the end of display is impossible to all but a few women, and their success is dearly bought.
一个完全谨慎的房子是劳苦无乐的；除了少数女性之外，对所有人来说，将房子保存到最后展示都是不可能的，而她们的成功是要付出高昂代价的。
If we look at this matter curiously, it becomes dangerous.
如果我们好奇地看待这件事，它就会变得危险。
We need all the force of an idea to lift this load; for the wealth and multiplication of conveniences embarrass us, especially in northern climates.
我们需要一个想法的全部力量来解除这个负担；因为财富和便利设施的增加让我们感到尴尬，尤其是在北方气候下。
The shortest enumeration of our wants in this rugged climate appalls us by the multitude of things not easy to be done.
在这种恶劣的气候下，对我们的需求进行最简短的列举，就会让我们对许多不容易做到的事情感到震惊。
And if you look at the multitude of particulars, one would say: Good housekeeping is impossible; order is too precious a thing to dwell with men and women.
如果你看一下众多的细节，人们会说：良好的内务管理是不可能的；秩序对于男人和女人来说太珍贵了。
See, in families where there is both substance and taste, at what expense any favorite punctuality is maintained.
看看，在既有物质又有品位的家庭中，为了维持最喜欢的守时付出了多大的代价。
If the children, for example, are considered, dressed, dieted, attended, kept in proper company, schooled, and at home fostered by the parents,--then does the hospitality of the house suffer; friends are less carefully bestowed, the daily table less catered.
例如，如果孩子们受到父母的照顾、衣着、饮食、照顾、适当的陪伴、学校教育和在家中的抚养，那么家庭的热情就会受到影响；朋友少了精心赐予，日常餐桌少了招待。
If the hours of meals are punctual, the apartments are slovenly.
如果用餐时间准时，公寓就很邋遢。
If the linens and hangings are clean and fine, and the furniture good, the yard, the garden, the fences are neglected.
如果床单和窗帘干净整洁，家具良好，那么院子、花园和栅栏就可以忽略不计。
If all are well attended, then must the master and mistress be studious of particulars at the cost of their own accomplishments and growth,--or persons are treated as things.
如果所有人都得到了很好的照顾，那么主人和情妇就必须以牺牲自己的成就和成长为代价来关注细节，否则就会把人当作物来对待。
The difficulties to be overcome must be freely admitted; they are many and great.
必须坦然承认需要克服的困难；他们人数众多，而且伟大。
Nor are they to be disposed of by any criticism or amendment of particulars taken one at a time, but only by the arrangement of the household to a higher end than those to which our dwellings are usually built and furnished.
它们也不能通过一次一项地对细节进行任何批评或修改来处理，而只能通过家庭的安排来处理，以达到比我们的住宅通常建造和装修的目的更高的目的。
And is there any calamity more grave, or that more invokes the best good-will to remove it, than this?--to go from chamber to chamber, and see no beauty; to find in the housemates no aim; to hear an endless chatter and blast; to be compelled to criticise; to hear only to dissent and to be disgusted; to find no invitation to what is good in us, and no receptacle for what is wise;--this is a great price to pay for sweet bread and warm lodging,--being defrauded of affinity, of repose, of genial culture, and the inmost presence of beauty.
还有什么灾难比这更严重，或者更需要善意来消除它呢？——从一个房间走到另一个房间，却看不到美丽；在室友身上发现没有目标；听到无尽的喋喋不休和爆炸声；被迫批评；只听到不同意见和感到厌恶；找不到我们身上善良的邀请，也找不到明智的容器；——这是为香甜的面包和温暖的住所付出的巨大代价——被剥夺了亲和力、休息力、和蔼的文化，以及美的内在存在。
It is a sufficient accusation of our ways of living, and certainly ought to open our ear to every good-minded reformer, that our idea of domestic well-being now needs wealth to execute it.
这是对我们生活方式的充分指责，当然我们应该向每一位善良的改革者敞开心扉，我们的家庭福祉理念现在需要财富来实现。
Give me the means, says the wife, and your house shall not annoy your taste nor waste your time.
妻子说，给我钱，你的房子就不会扰乱你的品味，也不会浪费你的时间。
On hearing this, we understand how these Means have come to be so omnipotent on earth.
听了这话，我们就明白这些手段为何在地球上如此无所不能了。
And indeed the love of wealth seems to grow chiefly out of the root of the love of the Beautiful.
事实上，对财富的热爱似乎主要源于对美的热爱的根源。
The desire of gold is not for gold.
对黄金的渴望不是为了黄金。
It is not the love of much wheat and wool and household-stuff.
这并不是对大量小麦、羊毛和家庭用品的热爱。
It is the means of freedom and benefit.
它是自由和利益的手段。
We scorn shifts; we desire the elegance of munificence; we desire at least to put no stint or limit on our parents, relatives, guests, or dependents; we desire to play the benefactor and the prince with our townsmen, with the stranger at the gate, with the bard, or the beauty, with the man or woman of worth, who alights at our door.
我们鄙视轮班；我们渴望慷慨的优雅；我们至少希望对我们的父母、亲戚、客人或家属不施加任何限制或限制；我们渴望与我们的镇民、与门口的陌生人、与吟游诗人或美女、与落在我们门口的有价值的男人或女人一起扮演恩人和王子。
How can we do this, if the wants of each day imprison us in lucrative labors, and constrain us to a continual vigilance lest we be betrayed into expense? _Give us wealth, and the home shall exist._ But that is a very imperfect and inglorious solution of the problem, and therefore no solution.
如果每天的需求将我们囚禁在有利可图的劳动中，并迫使我们不断保持警惕，以免我们被出卖而陷入开支，我们怎么能做到这一点呢？ _给我们财富，家园就会存在。_但这是一个非常不完美和不光彩的问题解决方案，因此没有解决方案。
“_Give us wealth._” You ask too much.
“_给我们财富。_”你要求太多了。
Few have wealth; but all must have a home.
拥有财富的人很少；但所有人都必须有一个家。
Men are not born rich; and in getting wealth, the man is generally sacrificed, and often is sacrificed without acquiring wealth at last.
男人并非生来富有，而是生来富有。在获得财富的过程中，人通常会被牺牲，而且往往是牺牲了而最终没有获得财富。
Besides, that cannot be the right answer;--there are objections to wealth.
此外，这也不是正确的答案——有人反对财富。
Wealth is a shift.
财富是一种转变。
The wise man angles with himself only, and with no meaner bait.
智者只用自己的角度，而不用更卑鄙的诱饵。
Our whole use of wealth needs revision and reform.
我们对财富的整个使用需要修正和改革。
Generosity does not consist in giving money or money’s worth.
慷慨并不在于给予金钱或金钱的价值。
These so-called _goods_ are only the shadow of good.
这些所谓的“好东西”只是好东西的影子。
To give money to a sufferer is only a come-off.
给病人钱只是一种补偿。
It is only a postponement of the real payment, a bribe paid for silence,--a credit-system in which a paper promise to pay answers for the time instead of liquidation.
这只是真正付款的推迟，是为了沉默而支付的贿赂，这是一种信用体系，其中报纸承诺支付暂时的答案而不是清算。
We owe to man higher succors than food and fire.
我们应该给予人类比食物和火更高的帮助。
We owe to man man.
我们欠男人的。
If he is sick, is unable, is mean-spirited and odious, it is because there is so much of his nature which is unlawfully withholden from him.
如果他生病了、无能为力、心胸狭窄、可憎，那是因为他的本性有太多被非法剥夺了。
He should be visited in this his prison with rebuke to the evil demons, with manly encouragement, with no mean-spirited offer of condolence because you have not money, or mean offer of money as the utmost benefit, but by your heroism, your purity, and your faith.
在他的监狱里，应该带着对邪恶恶魔的斥责，带着男子气概的鼓励，而不是因为你没有钱而卑鄙地表示哀悼，或者卑鄙地提供金钱作为最大的利益，而是通过你的英雄主义，你的纯洁，和你的信仰。
You are to bring with you that spirit which is understanding, health and self-help.
你要带着理解、健康和自助的精神。
To offer him money in lieu of these is to do him the same wrong as when the bridegroom offers his betrothed virgin a sum of money to release him from his engagements.
给他钱来代替这些，就像新郎给他的未婚处女一笔钱来解除他的婚约一样，对他来说是同样的错误。
The great depend on their heart, not on their purse.
伟大的人取决于他们的心，而不是他们的钱包。
Genius and virtue, like diamonds, are best plain-set,--set in lead, set in poverty.
天才和美德就像钻石一样，最好是朴素镶嵌的——镶嵌在铅上，镶嵌在贫穷上。
The greatest man in history was the poorest.
历史上最伟大的人也是最贫穷的人。
How was it with the captains and sages of Greece and Rome, with Socrates, with Epaminondas? Aristides was made general receiver of Greece, to collect the tribute which each state was to furnish against the barbarian.
希腊和罗马的统帅和圣贤、苏格拉底和伊巴密浓达的情况如何？阿里斯蒂德斯被任命为希腊的总管，负责征收各城邦向野蛮人提供的贡品。
“Poor,” says Plutarch, “when he set about it, poorer when he had finished it.” How was it with Æmilius and Cato? What kind of house was kept by Paul and John,--by Milton and Marvell,--by Samuel Johnson,--by Samuel Adams in Boston, and Jean Paul Richter at Baireuth? I think it plain that this voice of communities and ages, ‘Give us wealth, and the good household shall exist,’ is vicious, and leaves the whole difficulty untouched.
普鲁塔克说：“当他开始做这件事时，他很穷；当他完成时，他更穷。”埃米利厄斯和卡托怎么样？波士顿的保罗和约翰、米尔顿和马维尔、塞缪尔·约翰逊、塞缪尔·亚当斯和拜罗伊特的让·保罗·里克特都拥有什么样的房子？我认为很明显，这种社区和时代的声音，“给我们财富，好家庭就会存在”，是恶毒的，并且对整个困难没有影响。
It is better, certainly, in this form, ‘Give us your labor, and the household begins.’ I see not how serious labor, the labor of all and every day, is to be avoided; and many things betoken a revolution of opinion and practice in regard to manual labor that may go far to aid our practical inquiry.
当然，这种形式更好，“把你的劳动交给我们，家庭就开始了。”我看不出有多么严肃的劳动，所有人每天的劳动，是多么需要避免的。许多事情预示着关于体力劳动的观念和实践的革命，这可能会极大地帮助我们的实际探究。
Another age may divide the manual labor of the world more equally on all the members of society, and so make the labors of a few hours avail to the wants and add to the vigor of the man.
另一个时代可能会将世界上的体力劳动更平等地分配给所有社会成员，从而使几个小时的劳动能够满足需要并增加人的活力。
But the reform that applies itself to the household must not be partial.
但适用于家庭的改革绝不能是局部的。
It must correct the whole system of our social living.
它必须纠正我们社会生活的整个体系。
It must come with plain living and high thinking; it must break up caste, and put domestic service on another foundation.
必须有朴素的生活和高尚的思想；它必须打破种姓制度，并将家政服务置于另一个基础上。
It must come in connection with a true acceptance by each man of his vocation,--not chosen by his parents or friends, but by his genius, with earnestness and love.
它必须与每个人真正接受他的职业有关——不是由他的父母或朋友选择的，而是由他的天才、真诚和爱心选择的。
Nor is this redress so hopeless as it seems.
这种补救措施也并不像看起来那么无望。
Certainly, if we begin by reforming particulars of our present system, correcting a few evils and letting the rest stand, we shall soon give up in despair.
当然，如果我们从改革现有制度的细节开始，纠正一些弊端，其余的保持不变，我们很快就会绝望地放弃。
For our social forms are very far from truth and equity.
因为我们的社会形式离真理和公平还很远。
But the way to set the axe at the root of the tree is, to raise our aim.
但把斧头放在树根上的方法是，提高我们的目标。
Let us understand, then, that a house should bear witness in all its economy that human culture is the end to which it is built and garnished.
那么，让我们明白，一座房子应该在其所有经济方面见证人类文化是它建造和装饰的目的。
It stands there under the sun and moon to ends analogous, and not less noble than theirs.
它矗立在太阳和月亮之下，其目的与他们类似，而且并不比他们的高贵。
It is not for festivity, it is not for sleep: but the pine and the oak shall gladly descend from the mountains to uphold the roof of men as faithful and necessary as themselves; to be the shelter always open to good and true persons;--a hall which shines with sincerity, brows ever tranquil, and a demeanor impossible to disconcert; whose inmates know what they want; who do not ask your house how theirs should be kept.
这不是为了庆祝，也不是为了睡觉：但松树和橡树会很乐意从山上下来，支撑起像他们自己一样忠诚和必要的人们的屋顶；成为永远向善良和真诚的人开放的庇护所；——一个闪耀着真诚的大厅，一个永远平静的眉毛，一个不容惊慌的举止；其囚犯知道自己想要什么；谁不问你的房子应该如何保存他们的房子。
They have aims: they cannot pause for trifles.
他们有目标：他们不能因为琐事而停下来。
The diet of the house does not create its order, but knowledge, character, action, absorb so much life and yield so much entertainment that the refectory has ceased to be so curiously studied.
房子的饮食并不创造它的秩序，而是知识、性格、行动吸收了如此多的生命并产生了如此多的娱乐，以至于餐厅不再受到如此好奇的研究。
With a change of aim has followed a change of the whole scale by which men and things were wont to be measured.
随着目标的改变，衡量人和事物的整个尺度也随之改变。
Wealth and poverty are seen for what they are.
财富和贫穷都是按其本来面目来看待的。
It begins to be seen that the poor are only they who feel poor, and poverty consists in feeling poor.
人们开始认识到，穷人只是那些感到贫穷的人，而贫穷就在于感觉贫穷。
The rich, as we reckon them, and among them the very rich, in a true scale would be found very indigent and ragged.
我们认为的富人，以及其中的非常富有的人，如果按照真实的规模来看，会发现他们非常贫穷和衣衫褴褛。
The great make us feel, first of all, the indifference of circumstances.
伟大首先让我们感受到环境的冷漠。
They call into activity the higher perceptions, and subdue the low habits of comfort and luxury; but the higher perceptions find their objects everywhere: only the low habits need palaces and banquets.
它们唤起更高层次的感知，抑制舒适和奢侈的低俗习惯；但更高层次的知觉到处都能找到它们的对象：只有低级习惯才需要宫殿和宴会。
Let a man, then, say, My house is here in the county, for the culture of the county;--an eating-house and sleeping-house for travellers it shall be, but it shall be much more.
那么，让一个人说，我的房子在县里，是为了县里的文化；它应该是旅行者的餐馆和卧室，但它应该不止如此。
I pray you, O excellent wife, not to cumber yourself and me to get a rich dinner for this man or this woman who has alighted at our gate, nor a bedchamber made ready at too great a cost.
我祈求你，哦，优秀的妻子，不要让自己和我为在我们门口下车的这个男人或这个女人准备一顿丰盛的晚餐，也不要花费太大的代价准备一个卧室。
These things, if they are curious in, they can get for a dollar at any village.
这些东西，如果他们好奇的话，在任何村庄都可以花一美元买到。
But let this stranger, if he will, in your looks, in your accent and behavior, read your heart and earnestness, your thought and will, which he cannot buy at any price, in any village or city, and which he may well travel fifty miles, and dine sparely and sleep hard, in order to behold.
但是，如果这个陌生人愿意的话，请让他从你的外表、你的口音和行为中读懂你的内心和真诚，你的思想和意志，这是他在任何村庄或城市都无法用任何价格买到的，但他很可能会去旅行五十英里，吃得少，睡得香，以便能看到。
Certainly, let the board be spread and let the bed be dressed for the traveller; but let not the emphasis of hospitality lie in these things.
当然，要为行人铺好床铺，铺好床铺；但不要把热情好客的重点放在这些事情上。
Honor to the house where they are simple to the verge of hardship, so that there the intellect is awake and reads the laws of the universe, the soul worships truth and love, honor and courtesy flow into all deeds.
荣誉归于他们简单到接近困难的房子，因此那里的智力是清醒的并阅读宇宙的法则，灵魂崇拜真理和爱，荣誉和礼貌流入所有的行为。
There was never a country in the world which could so easily exhibit this heroism as ours; never anywhere the State has made such efficient provision for popular education, where intellectual entertainment is so within reach of youthful ambition.
世界上从来没有一个国家能像我们这样轻易地表现出这种英雄主义。国家从来没有在任何地方为大众教育提供如此有效的规定，在这里，智力娱乐如此触手可及，年轻人的野心也触手可及。
The poor man’s son is educated.
穷人的儿子受过教育。
There is many a humble house in every city, in every town, where talent and taste, and sometimes genius, dwell with poverty and labor.
每个城市、每个城镇都有许多简陋的房子，那里有才华和品味，有时甚至是天才，与贫困和劳动居住在一起。
Who has not seen, and who can see unmoved, under a low roof, the eager, blushing boys discharging as they can their household chores, and hastening into the sitting-room to the study of to-morrow’s merciless lesson, yet stealing time to read one chapter more of the novel hardly smuggled into the tolerance of father and mother,--atoning for the same by some pages of Plutarch or Goldsmith; the warm sympathy with which they kindle each other in school-yard, or in barn or wood-shed, with scraps of poetry or song, with phrases of the last oration, or mimicry of the orator; the youthful criticism, on Sunday, of the sermons; the school declamation faithfully rehearsed at home, sometimes to the fatigue, sometimes to the admiration of sisters; the first solitary joys of literary vanity, when the translation or the theme has been completed, sitting alone near the top of the house; the cautious comparison of the attractive advertisement of the arrival of Macready, Booth, or Kemble, or of the discourse of a well-known speaker, with the expense of the entertainment; the affectionate delight with which they greet the return of each one after the early separations which school or business require; the foresight with which, during such absences, they hive the honey which opportunity offers, for the ear and imagination of the others; and the unrestrained glee with which they disburden themselves of their early mental treasures when the holidays bring them again together? What is the hoop that holds them stanch? It is the iron band of poverty, of necessity, of austerity, which, excluding them from the sensual enjoyments which make other boys too early old, has directed their activity in safe and right channels, and made them, despite themselves, reverers of the grand, the beautiful, and the good.
谁没见过，也谁能无动于衷地看到，在低矮的屋顶下，那些热切的、脸红的男孩们一边忙着做家务，一边匆匆走进起居室，学习明天无情的课程，却又偷偷地把时间花在了学习上。多读一章小说，几乎无法让父母容忍——通过普鲁塔克或戈德史密斯的几页书来弥补这一点；他们在校园、谷仓或木棚里用诗歌或歌曲的片段、最后演讲的短语或演说家的模仿点燃彼此的温暖同情；周日，年轻人对布道的批评；学校的朗诵在家里忠实地排练，有时使人疲惫不堪，有时使姐妹们赞叹不已；当翻译或主题完成后，独自坐在房子的顶部附近，这是文学虚荣心的第一个孤独的乐趣；将麦克雷迪、布斯或肯布尔到来的有吸引力的广告，或一位著名演讲者的演讲与娱乐费用进行谨慎的比较；他们怀着深情的喜悦迎接每个人在学校或企业要求的早早分离后归来；他们的远见卓识，在这样的缺席期间，他们将机会提供的蜂蜜聚集起来，供其他人的耳朵和想象力；当假期让他们再次聚在一起时，他们卸下了早期精神宝藏的重担时，又充满了无拘无束的欢乐？支撑他们站立的箍是什么？正是贫穷、必然和紧缩的铁箍，将他们排除在感官享乐之外，使其他男孩过早老去，引导他们的活动在安全和正确的渠道上，使他们不由自主地成为了对物质享受的崇敬者。伟大、美丽和善良。
Ah! short-sighted students of books, of Nature, and of man! too happy, could they know their advantages.
啊!书本、自然和人类的短视学生！太高兴了，能知道自己的优点吗？
They pine for freedom from that mild parental yoke; they sigh for fine clothes, for rides, for the theatre, and premature freedom and dissipation, which others possess.
他们渴望摆脱父母温和的束缚，获得自由。他们叹息着美好的衣服、游乐设施、戏剧，以及其他人所拥有的过早的自由和放荡。
Woe to them, if their wishes were crowned! The angels that dwell with them, and are weaving laurels of life for their youthful brows, are Toil, and Want, and Truth, and Mutual Faith.
如果他们的愿望得以实现，他们就有祸了！与他们同住、为他们年轻的额头编织生命桂冠的天使是辛劳、匮乏、真理和相互信仰。
In many parts of true economy a cheering lesson may be learned from the mode of life and manners of the later Romans, as described to us in the letters of the younger Pliny.
在真正的经济的许多方面，我们可以从后来的罗马人的生活方式和礼仪中学到令人振奋的教训，正如小普林尼在信中向我们描述的那样。
Nor can I resist the temptation of quoting so trite an instance as the noble housekeeping of Lord Falkland in Clarendon: “His house being within little more than ten miles from Oxford, he contracted familiarity and friendship with the most polite and accurate men of that University, who found such an immenseness of wit, and such a solidity of judgment in him, so infinite a fancy, bound in by a most logical ratiocination, such a vast knowledge that he was not ignorant in anything, yet such an excessive humility, as if he had known nothing, that they frequently resorted and dwelt with him, as in a college situated in a purer air; so that his house was a university in a less volume, whither they came, not so much for repose as study, and to examine and refine those grosser propositions which laziness and consent made current in vulgar conversation.” I honor that man whose ambition it is, not to win laurels in the state or the army, not to be a jurist or a naturalist, not to be a poet or a commander, but to be a master of living well, and to administer the offices of master or servant, of husband, father, and friend.
我也无法抗拒引用福克兰勋爵在克拉伦登的高贵管家这样陈腐的例子的诱惑：“他的房子距离牛津不到十英里，他与该大学最有礼貌和最准确的人建立了熟悉和友谊。他发现自己才华横溢，判断力如此坚定，想象力如此无限，并受到最合乎逻辑的推理的约束，知识如此渊博，对任何事情都一无所知，但他又如此谦虚，就像如果他一无所知的话，他们经常到他那里居住，就像住在一所空气更纯净的大学里一样。因此，他的房子是一所规模较小的大学，他们来到这里，与其说是为了休息，不如说是为了学习，并检查和完善那些因懒惰和同意而在粗俗谈话中流行的粗俗主张。我尊敬这样一个人，他的雄心壮志不是要在国家或军队中赢得桂冠，不是要成为法学家或博物学家，不是要成为诗人或指挥官，而是要成为美好生活的大师，并管理主人或仆人、丈夫、父亲和朋友的职务。
But it requires as much breadth of power for this as for those other functions,--as much, or more,--and the reason for the failure is the same.
但它需要与其他职能一样多的权力，甚至更多，而且失败的原因是相同的。
I think the vice of our housekeeping is, that it does not hold man sacred.
我认为我们家务活的弊端在于，它没有使人变得神圣。
The vice of government, the vice of education, the vice of religion, is one with that of private life.
政府的罪恶、教育的罪恶、宗教的罪恶，与私人生活的罪恶是一体的。
In the old fables, we used to read of a cloak brought from fairy-land as a gift for the fairest and purest in Prince Arthur’s court.
在古老的寓言中，我们常常读到一件从仙境带来的斗篷，作为礼物送给亚瑟王子宫廷中最美丽、最纯洁的人。
It was to be her prize whom it would fit.
适合她的人就是她的奖品。
Every one was eager to try it on, but it would fit nobody: for one it was a world too wide, for the next it dragged on the ground, and for the third it shrunk to a scarf.
每个人都渴望试穿它，但它不适合任何人：对于一个人来说，它是一个太广阔的世界，对于下一个它拖在地上，对于第三个它缩小成一条围巾。
They, of course, said that the devil was in the mantle, for really the truth was in the mantle, and was exposing the ugliness which each would fain conceal.
当然，他们说魔鬼藏在斗篷里，因为真理确实藏在斗篷里，并且揭露了每个人都想掩盖的丑陋。
All drew back with terror from the garment.
所有人都惊恐地从衣服上退开。
The innocent Genelas alone could wear it.
只有无辜的杰内拉斯才能佩戴它。
In like manner, every man is provided in his thought with a measure of man which he applies to every passenger.
同样，每个人在他的思想中都被赋予了一个人的尺度，他将其应用于每个乘客。
Unhappily, not one in many thousands comes up to the stature and proportions of the model.
不幸的是，成千上万的人中没有一个能达到模特的身材和比例。
Neither does the measurer himself; neither do the people in the street; neither do the select individuals whom he admires,--the heroes of the race.
测量者本人也不会；街上的人也没有；他钦佩的那些精选个人——种族英雄——也没有。
When he inspects them critically, he discovers that their aims are low, that they are too quickly satisfied.
当他批判性地审视他们时，他发现他们的目标很低，他们太快满足了。
He observes the swiftness with which life culminates, and the humility of the expectations of the greatest part of men.
他观察到生命达到顶峰的速度，以及大多数人的谦卑期望。
To each occurs, soon after the age of puberty, some event, or society, or way of living, which becomes the crisis of life, and the chief fact in their history.
每个人在青春期过后不久就会发生一些事件、社会或生活方式，这成为生命的危机，成为他们历史上的主要事实。
In woman, it is love and marriage (which is more reasonable); and yet it is pitiful to date and measure all the facts and sequel of an unfolding life from such a youthful, and generally inconsiderate, period as the age of courtship and marriage.
对女人来说，是爱情和婚姻（比较合理）；然而，从求爱和结婚的年龄这样一个年轻且普遍不体贴的时期开始，去测定和衡量正在展开的生活的所有事实和后果是很可怜的。
In men, it is their place of education, choice of an employment, settlement in a town, or removal to the East or to the West, or some other magnified trifle, which makes the meridian moment, and all the after years and actions only derive interest from their relation to that.
对男人来说，正是他们的教育地点、就业选择、在城镇定居、迁徙到东方或西方，或其他一些被放大的小事，才使得子午线时刻以及所有随后的岁月和行动变得唯一。从他们与此的关系中获得兴趣。
Hence it comes that we soon catch the trick of each man’s conversation, and, knowing his two or three main facts, anticipate what he thinks of each new topic that rises.
因此，我们很快就抓住了每个人谈话的技巧，并且在了解他的两三个主要事实的情况下，预测他对出现的每个新话题的看法。
It is scarcely less perceivable in educated men, so called, than in the uneducated.
在所谓的受过教育的人身上，这种感觉并不比没有受过教育的人更容易察觉。
I have seen finely endowed men at college festivals, ten, twenty years after they had left the halls, returning, as it seemed, the same boys who went away.
我在大学音乐节上见过才华横溢的人，在他们离开大厅十年、二十年后，似乎又回到了那些离开的男孩。
The same jokes pleased, the same straws tickled; the manhood and offices they brought thither at this return seemed mere ornamental masks: underneath they were boys yet.
同样的笑话让人高兴，同样的稻草让人发痒；他们在这次回归中所带来的男子气概和办公室似乎只是装饰性的面具：在他们的下面仍然是男孩。
We never come to be citizens of the world, but are still villagers, who think that everything in their petty town is a little superior to the same thing anywhere else.
我们从来没有成为世界公民，但仍然是村民，他们认为自己的小城镇里的一切都比其他地方的同样的东西好一点。
In each the circumstance signalized differs, but in each it is made the coals of an ever-burning egotism.
每一种情况所象征的情况都不同，但每一种情况都成为了不断燃烧的自我主义的煤炭。
In one, it was his going to sea; in a second, the difficulties he combated in going to college; in a third, his journey to the West, or his voyage to Canton; in a fourth, his coming out of the Quaker Society; in a fifth, his new diet and regimen; in a sixth, his coming forth from the abolition organizations; and in a seventh, his going into them.
一幅是他出海；另一幅是他出海。其次是他在上大学时遇到的困难；第三个是他的西方之旅，或者说他的广州之旅；第四，他退出贵格会；第五，他的新饮食和养生法；第六，他从废奴组织中走出来；在第七章中，他进入了他们之中。
It is a life of toys and trinkets.
这是玩具和小饰品的生活。
We are too easily pleased.
我们太容易高兴了。
I think this sad result appears in the manners.
我认为这种悲惨的结果体现在礼仪上。
The men we see in each other do not give us the image and likeness of man.
我们在彼此身上看到的男人并没有给我们人类的形象和相似之处。
The men we see are whipped through the world; they are harried, wrinkled, anxious; they all seem the hacks of some invisible riders.
我们看到的人都是在这个世界上被鞭打的；他们疲惫不堪、满脸皱纹、焦虑不安；他们似乎都是一些隐形骑手的黑客。
How seldom do we behold tranquillity! We have never yet seen a man.
我们多么难得看到平静啊！我们还没有见过一个人。
We do not know the majestic manners that belong to him, which appease and exalt the beholder.
我们不知道他的庄严举止能够安抚和提升旁观者。
There are no divine persons with us, and the multitude do not hasten to be divine.
我们身边没有神人，大众也不急于成为神人。
And yet we hold fast, all our lives long, a faith in a better life, in better men, in clean and noble relations, notwithstanding our total inexperience of a true society.
然而，尽管我们对真正的社会完全没有经验，但我们一生都坚定地坚信一种更美好的生活、更优秀的人、更纯洁和高尚的关系。
Certainly, this was not the intention of nature, to produce, with all this immense expenditure of means and power, so cheap and humble a result.
当然，这并不是大自然的本意，即花费大量的手段和力量来产生如此廉价和卑微的结果。
The aspirations in the heart after the good and true teach us better,--nay, the men themselves suggest a better life.
心中对美好和真实的渴望教导我们更好，不，人们本身建议更好的生活。
Every individual nature has its own beauty.
每个个体的自然都有其独特的美丽。
One is struck in every company, at every fireside, with the riches of nature, when he hears so many new tones, all musical, sees in each person original manners, which have a proper and peculiar charm, and reads new expressions of face.
当一个人在每个人的陪伴下，在每个炉边，当他听到如此多的新音乐，所有的音乐，在每个人身上看到原始的举止，这些举止具有适当和独特的魅力，并阅读新的面部表情时，他都会被大自然的丰富所震撼。
He perceives that nature has laid for each the foundations of a divine building, if the soul will build thereon.
他认识到大自然已经为每个人奠定了神圣建筑的基础，如果灵魂愿意在其上建造的话。
There is no face, no form, which one cannot in fancy associate with great power of intellect or with generosity of soul.
没有一种面孔、任何形式不能让人幻想将其与伟大的智力或慷慨的灵魂联系起来。
In our experience, to be sure, beauty is not, as it ought to be, the dower of man and of woman as invariably as sensation.
诚然，根据我们的经验，美并不像感觉那样一成不变地是男人和女人的嫁妆。
Beauty is, even in the beautiful, occasional,--or, as one has said, culminating and perfect only a single moment, before which it is unripe, and after which it is on the wane.
即使在美丽之中，美也是偶然的——或者，正如有人所说，只有一个时刻达到顶峰和完美，在此之前它是不成熟的，之后它就开始衰落了。
But beauty is never quite absent from our eyes.
但美丽永远不会完全消失在我们的眼睛里。
Every face, every figure, suggests its own right and sound estate.
每一张脸，每一个身材，都表明了它自己正确和健全的地位。
Our friends are not their own highest form.
我们的朋友并不是他们自己的最高形式。
But let the hearts they have agitated witness what power has lurked in the traits of these structures of clay that pass and repass us! The secret power of form over the imagination and affections transcends all our philosophy.
但让他们激动的心见证这些在我们身边经过又反复经过的粘土结构的特征中潜藏着怎样的力量！形式对想象力和情感的神秘力量超越了我们所有的哲学。
The first glance we meet may satisfy us that matter is the vehicle of higher powers than its own, and that no laws of line or surface can ever account for the inexhaustible expressiveness of form.
我们第一眼看到的时候可能会确信，物质是比其本身更高的力量的载体，并且任何线条或表面的法则都无法解释形式的无穷无尽的表现力。
We see heads that turn on the pivot of the spine,--no more; and we see heads that seem to turn on a pivot as deep as the axle of the world,--so slow, and lazily, and great, they move.
我们看到头在脊柱的枢轴上转动——仅此而已；我们看到那些脑袋似乎在像世界的轴一样深的枢轴上转动——它们移动得如此缓慢、懒惰、伟大。
We see on the lip of our companion the presence or absence of the great masters of thought and poetry to his mind.
我们从同伴的嘴唇上可以看出他心中是否有伟大的思想和诗歌大师。
We read in his brow, on meeting him after many years, that he is where we left him, or that he has made great strides.
多年后与他见面时，我们从他的额头上读到，他还是我们离开他的地方，或者说他已经取得了长足的进步。
Whilst thus nature and the hints we draw from man suggest a true and lofty life, a household equal to the beauty and grandeur of this world, especially we learn the same lesson from those best relations to individual men which the heart is always prompting us to form.
因此，自然和我们从人类那里得到的暗示暗示着一种真实而崇高的生活，一个与这个世界的美丽和宏伟同等的家庭，特别是我们从那些与个人的最佳关系中学到了同样的教训，而内心总是促使我们这样做形式。
Happy will that house be in which the relations are formed from character, after the highest, and not after the lowest order; the house in which character marries, and not confusion and a miscellany of unavowable motives.
如果房子里的关系是根据品格形成的，按照最高的顺序，而不是按照最低的顺序，那么这个房子将会是幸福的。性格在其中结婚的房子，而不是混乱和各种不可言说的动机。
Then shall marriage be a covenant to secure to either party the sweetness and honor of being a calm, continuing, inevitable benefactor to the other.
那么，婚姻就应该成为一种契约，确保任何一方都能成为另一方平静、持续、不可避免的恩人，从而获得甜蜜和荣誉。
Yes, and the sufficient reply to the sceptic who doubts the competence of man to elevate and to be elevated is in that desire and power to stand in joyful and ennobling intercourse with individuals, which makes the faith and the practice of all reasonable men.
是的，对于那些怀疑人是否有能力提升和被提升的怀疑论者来说，充分的回答在于与个人进行快乐和高尚的交往的愿望和力量，这使得所有理性人的信仰和实践成为可能。
The ornament of a house is the friends who frequent it.
房子的装饰品是经常光顾它的朋友。
There is no event greater in life than the appearance of new persons about our hearth, except it be the progress of the character which draws them.
生活中没有什么比新人出现在我们的壁炉旁更伟大的事情了，除非是吸引他们的品格进步。
It has been finely added by Landor to his definition of the _great man_, “It is he who can call together the most select company when it pleases him.” A verse of the old Greek Menander remains, which runs in translation:-- “Not on the store of sprightly wine, Nor plenty of delicious meats, Though generous Nature did design To court us with perpetual treats,-- ’Tis not on these we for content depend, So much as on the shadow of a Friend.” It is the happiness which, where it is truly known, postpones all other satisfactions, and makes politics and commerce and churches cheap.
兰多在他对伟人的定义中巧妙地添加了这一点：“只要他高兴，他就能召集最精选的公司。”古希腊米南德的一首诗被翻译成这样：--“不是在储存鲜美的酒，也不是在大量美味的肉上，虽然慷慨的大自然确实设计了用永久的款待来吸引我们，--'这不是在这些我们对于内容的依赖，就像朋友的影子一样。”正是这种幸福，在真正为人所知的地方，推迟了所有其他的满足，并使政治、商业和教堂变得廉价。
For we figure to ourselves,--do we not?--that when men shall meet as they should, as states meet,--each a benefactor, a shower of falling stars, so rich with deeds, with thoughts, with so much accomplishment,--it shall be the festival of nature, which all things symbolize; and perhaps Love is only the highest symbol of Friendship, as all other things seem symbols of love.
因为我们自己认为，——我们不是吗？——当人们按照应有的方式会面时，就像国家会面一样，每个人都是恩人，都是流星雨，充满了行动，充满了思想，拥有了如此多的东西。成就，——这将是大自然的节日，万物都象征着；也许爱情只是友谊的最高象征，正如所有其他事物似乎都是爱情的象征一样。
In the progress of each man’s character, his relations to the best men, which at first seem only the romances of youth, acquire a graver importance; and he will have learned the lesson of life who is skilful in the ethics of friendship.
在每个人性格的发展过程中，他与最优秀的人的关系，乍一看似乎只是青年时期的浪漫史，但后来却变得更加重要。精通友谊道德的人将会学到生活的教训。
Beyond its primary ends of the conjugal, parental, and amicable relations, the household should cherish the beautiful arts and the sentiment of veneration.
除了夫妻、父母和友好关系的主要目标之外，家庭还应该珍惜美丽的艺术和崇敬的情感。
*       *       *       *       * 1.
* * * * * 1.
Whatever brings the dweller into a finer life, what educates his eye, or ear, or hand, whatever purifies and enlarges him, may well find place there.
任何使居住者进入更美好生活的东西，任何教育他的眼睛、耳朵或手的东西，任何净化和扩大他的东西，都可以在那里找到一席之地。
And yet let him not think that a property in beautiful objects is necessary to his apprehension of them, and seek to turn his house into a museum.
然而，让他不要认为拥有美丽的物品对于他理解它们是必要的，并试图将他的房子变成博物馆。
Rather let the noble practice of the Greeks find place in our society, and let the creations of the plastic arts be collected with care in galleries by the piety and taste of the people, and yielded as freely as the sunlight to all.
相反，让希腊人的崇高实践在我们的社会中占有一席之地，让造型艺术的创作凭着人们的虔诚和品味在画廊中小心地收藏，并像阳光一样自由地呈现给所有人。
Meantime, be it remembered, we are artists ourselves, and competitors, each one, with Phidias and Raphael in the production of what is graceful or grand.
与此同时，请记住，我们自己也是艺术家，也是竞争对手，每个人都与菲迪亚斯和拉斐尔一起创作优雅或宏伟的作品。
The fountain of beauty is the heart, and every generous thought illustrates the walls of your chamber.
美丽的源泉是心灵，每一个慷慨的想法都说明了你房间的墙壁。
Why should we owe our power of attracting our friends to pictures and vases, to cameos and architecture? Why should we convert ourselves into show-men and appendages to our fine houses and our works of art? If by love and nobleness we take up into ourselves the beauty we admire, we shall spend it again on all around us.
为什么我们应该把吸引朋友的力量归功于图画和花瓶、浮雕和建筑呢？为什么我们要把自己变成表演者和我们漂亮的房子和艺术品的附属物？如果我们通过爱和高贵将我们所欣赏的美丽融入自己，我们就会将它再次花在我们周围的一切身上。
The man, the woman, needs not the embellishment of canvas and marble, whose every act is a subject for the sculptor, and to whose eye the gods and nymphs never appear ancient; for they know by heart the whole instinct of majesty.
男人、女人不需要画布和大理石的装饰，他们的一举一动都是雕塑家的主题，在他们眼中，诸神和仙女永远不会显得古老；因为他们对威严的全部本能了如指掌。
I do not undervalue the fine instruction which statues and pictures give.
我并不低估雕像和图画所提供的良好指导。
But I think the public museum in each town will one day relieve the private house of this charge of owning and exhibiting them.
但我认为，有一天，每个城镇的公共博物馆都会减轻私人住宅拥有和展示它们的负担。
I go to Rome and see on the walls of the Vatican the Transfiguration, painted by Raphael, reckoned the first picture in the world; or in the Sistine Chapel I see the grand sibyls and prophets, painted in fresco by Michael Angelo,--which have every day now for three hundred years inflamed the imagination and exalted the piety of what vast multitudes of men of all nations! I wish to bring home to my children and my friends copies of these admirable forms, which I can find in the shops of the engravers; but I do not wish the vexation of owning them.
我去罗马，在梵蒂冈的墙上看到了拉斐尔画的《显圣容》，被认为是世界上第一幅画；或者在西斯廷教堂，我看到了米开朗基罗在壁画中描绘的伟大的女预言家和先知——三百年来，它们每天都在激发着各国人民的想象力，并提高了他们的虔诚！我希望把这些令人钦佩的形式的副本带回家给我的孩子和朋友们，我可以在雕刻师的商店里找到它们；但我不希望因为拥有它们而烦恼。
I wish to find in my own town a library and museum which is the property of the town, where I can deposit this precious treasure, where I and my children can see it from time to time, and where it has its proper place among hundreds of such donations from other citizens who have brought thither whatever articles they have judged to be in their nature rather a public than a private property.
我希望在我自己的城镇中找到一个图书馆和博物馆，这是该城镇的财产，我可以在那里存放这些珍贵的宝藏，我和我的孩子们可以时不时地看到它，并且它在数百个宝藏中拥有适当的位置其他公民的此类捐赠，他们将他们认为属于公共财产而不是私人财产的任何物品带到了这里。
A collection of this kind, the property of each town, would dignify the town, and we should love and respect our neighbors more.
这样的收藏品，每个城镇的财产，都会使这个城镇尊严起来，我们应该更加爱护和尊重我们的邻居。
Obviously, it would be easy for every town to discharge this truly municipal duty.
显然，每个城镇都很容易履行这项真正的市政职责。
Every one of us would gladly contribute his share; and the more gladly, the more considerable the institution had become.
我们每个人都乐意贡献自己的一份；令人高兴的是，这个机构变得越来越重要。
*       *       *       *       * 2.
* * * * * 2.
Certainly, not aloof from this homage to beauty, but in strict connection therewith, the house will come to be esteemed a Sanctuary.
当然，这座房子不会脱离对美丽的敬意，而是与此紧密联系，将被视为避难所。
The language of a ruder age has given to common law the maxim that every man’s house is his castle: the progress of truth will make every house a shrine.
原始时代的语言赋予普通法这样的格言：每个人的房子都是他的城堡：真理的进步将使每个房子都成为圣地。
Will not man one day open his eyes and see how dear he is to the soul of Nature,--how near it is to him? Will he not see, through all he miscalls accident, that Law prevails for ever and ever; that his private being is a part of it; that its home is in his own unsounded heart; that his economy, his labor, his good and bad fortune, his health and manners, are all a curious and exact demonstration in miniature of the Genius of the Eternal Providence? When he perceives the Law, he ceases to despond.
难道人类有一天不会睁开眼睛，看看他对自然的灵魂是多么的亲爱——它对他来说是多么的亲近吗？尽管他错误地称之为偶然，他难道看不到法律永远有效吗？他的私人存在是其中的一部分；它的家就在他自己不健全的心里；他的经济、他的劳动、他的好运和坏运、他的健康和举止，都是永恒天意的天才的奇妙而准确的缩影？当他领悟了律法时，他就不再沮丧。
Whilst he sees it, every thought and act is raised, and becomes an act of religion.
当他看到它时，每一个思想和行为都会被提升，并成为一种宗教行为。
Does the consecration of Sunday confess the desecration of the entire week? Does the consecration of the church confess the profanation of the house? Let us read the incantation backward.
星期日的祝圣是否承认整个星期的亵渎？教堂的祝圣是否承认对圣殿的亵渎？让我们倒着读咒语。
Let the man stand on his feet.
让男人站起来。
Let religion cease to be occasional; and the pulses of thought that go to the borders of the universe, let them proceed from the bosom of the Household.
让宗教不再是偶然的；让思想的脉动从大家庭的怀抱传到宇宙的边缘。
These are the consolations,--these are the ends to which the household is instituted and the rooftree stands.
这些是安慰，——这些是建立家庭和屋顶树的目的。
If these are sought, and in any good degree attained, can the State, can commerce, can climate, can the labor of many for one, yield anything better, or half as good? Beside these aims, Society is weak and the State an intrusion.
如果这些都得到了寻求，并且达到了任何良好的程度，国家、商业、气候、多人的劳动能否产生更好的结果，或者一半的效果？除了这些目标之外，社会是软弱的，国家是入侵者。
I think that the heroism which at this day would make on us the impression of Epaminondas and Phocion must be that of a domestic conqueror.
我认为，如今给我们留下伊巴密浓达和福基翁印象的英雄主义必定是国内征服者的英雄主义。
He who shall bravely and gracefully subdue this Gorgon of Convention and Fashion, and show-men how to lead a clean, handsome, and heroic life amid the beggarly elements of our cities and villages; whoso shall teach me how to eat my meat and take my repose, and deal with men, without any shame following, will restore the life of man to splendor, and make his own name dear to all history.
他将勇敢而优雅地征服这个习俗和时尚的戈尔贡，并向人们展示如何在我们城市和乡村的贫困元素中过上干净、英俊和英雄的生活；谁能教我如何吃肉，如何休息，如何与人打交道，不带任何羞耻，他将使人类的生活恢复光彩，并使他自己的名字在整个历史中名垂青史。
FARMING.
农业。
FARMING.
农业。
The glory of the farmer is that, in the division of labors, it is his part to create.
农民的光荣就在于，在分工中，创造是他的职责。
All trade rests at last on his primitive activity.
所有的贸易最终都依赖于他的原始活动。
He stands close to nature; he obtains from the earth the bread and the meat.
他亲近自然；他从地里获取面包和肉。
The food which was not, he causes to be.
本来不存在的食物，他却使它成为。
The first farmer was the first man, and all historic nobility rests on possession and use of land.
第一个农民就是第一个男人，所有历史上的贵族都依赖于对土地的占有和使用。
Men do not like hard work, but every man has an exceptional respect for tillage, and a feeling that this is the original calling of his race, that he himself is only excused from it by some circumstance which made him delegate it for a time to other hands.
男人不喜欢辛苦的工作，但每个人都对耕作怀有一种特殊的尊重，并感觉这是他的种族最初的使命，他自己只是在某些情况下才可以免除耕作，使他暂时将耕作委托给其他人。其他手。
If he have not some skill which recommends him to the farmer, some product for which the farmer will give him corn, he must himself return into his due place among the planters.
如果他没有某种向农民推荐的技能，没有某种农民愿意给他玉米的产品，他自己就必须回到种植园主中他应有的地位。
And the profession has in all eyes its ancient charm, as standing nearest to God, the first cause.
在所有人看来，这个职业都有其古老的魅力，因为它是最接近上帝的，是第一事业。
Then the beauty of nature, the tranquillity and innocence of the countryman, his independence, and his pleasing arts,--the care of bees, of poultry, of sheep, of cows, the dairy, the care of hay, of fruits, of orchards and forests, and the reaction of these on the workman, in giving him a strength and plain dignity, like the face and manners of nature, all men acknowledge.
然后是自然之美、乡下人的宁静和纯真、他的独立性和他令人愉悦的艺术——对蜜蜂、家禽、绵羊、奶牛的照料，乳制品，对干草、水果、蔬菜的照料。果园和森林，以及这些对工人的反应，赋予他力量和朴实的尊严，就像大自然的面容和举止一样，所有人都承认。
All men keep the farm in reserve as an asylum where, in case of mischance, to hide their poverty,--or a solitude, if they do not succeed in society.
所有的人都保留农场作为避难所，以防万一发生不幸，以隐藏他们的贫困，或者如果他们在社会上不成功，则可以隐藏孤独。
And who knows how many glances of remorse are turned this way from the bankrupts of trade, from mortified pleaders in courts and senates, or from the victims of idleness and pleasure? Poisoned by town life and town vices, the sufferer resolves: ‘Well, my children, whom I have injured, shall go back to the land, to be recruited and cured by that which should have been my nursery, and now shall be their hospital.’ The farmer’s office is precise and important, but you must not try to paint him in rose-color; you cannot make pretty compliments to fate and gravitation, whose minister he is.
谁知道有多少悔恨的目光从贸易破产者、法庭和元老院中屈辱的辩护者、或懒惰和享乐的受害者身上投来呢？受到城镇生活和城镇恶习的毒害，受害者决定：“好吧，我伤害过的孩子们，应该回到这片土地，接受招募和治愈，那里本应是我的托儿所，现在将是他们的医院.'农民的办公室是精确而重要的，但你不能试图把他涂成玫瑰色；你无法对命运和引力做出漂亮的赞美，他是命运和引力的使者。
He represents the necessities.
他代表着必需品。
It is the beauty of the great economy of the world that makes his comeliness.
正是世界伟大经济的美丽造就了他的美丽。
He bends to the order of the seasons, the weather, the soils and crops, as the sails of a ship bend to the wind.
他顺应季节、天气、土壤和庄稼的顺序，就像船帆顺风而行一样。
He represents continuous hard labor, year in, year out, and small gains.
他代表着年复一年不断的辛勤劳动，小有收获。
He is a slow person, timed to nature, and not to city watches.
他是一个缓慢的人，与自然同步，而不是与城市的手表同步。
He takes the pace of seasons, plants, and chemistry.
他跟随季节、植物和化学的步伐。
Nature never hurries: atom by atom, little by little, she achieves her work.
大自然从不匆忙：一个原子接一个原子，一点一点地，她完成了她的工作。
The lesson one learns in fishing, yachting, hunting, or planting, is the manners of Nature; patience with the delays of wind and sun, delays of the seasons, bad weather, excess or lack of water,--patience with the slowness of our feet, with the parsimony of our strength, with the largeness of sea and land we must traverse, etc.
人们在钓鱼、游艇、狩猎或种植中学到的教训是自然的礼仪；耐心地对待风和太阳的延迟、季节的延迟、恶劣的天气、水的过剩或缺乏——耐心地对待我们脚步的缓慢、我们的力量的节俭、我们必须穿越的海洋和陆地的广阔， ETC。
The farmer times himself to Nature, and acquires that livelong patience which belongs to her.
农夫顺应自然，获得了属于她的终生耐心。
Slow, narrow man, his rule is, that the earth shall feed and clothe him; and he must wait for his crop to grow.
缓慢而狭隘的人，他的规则是，大地将为他提供食物和衣服；他必须等待庄稼生长。
His entertainments, his liberties, and his spending must be on a farmer’s scale, and not on a merchant’s.
他的娱乐、他的自由和他的消费必须是农民的规模，而不是商人的规模。
It were as false for farmers to use a wholesale and massy expense, as for states to use a minute economy.
农民使用批发的大量开支，就像国家使用微小的经济一样，都是错误的。
But if thus pinched on one side, he has compensatory advantages.
但如果一侧受到挤压，他就有补偿性优势。
He is permanent, clings to his land as the rocks do.
他是永久的，像岩石一样紧紧抓住他的土地。
In the town where I live, farms remain in the same families for seven and eight generations; and most of the first settlers (in 1635), should they reappear on the farms to-day, would find their own blood and names still in possession.
在我居住的小镇，农场一直由同一个家庭拥有七、八代人经营。大多数第一批定居者（1635 年）如果今天再次出现在农场，会发现他们自己的血统和名字仍然保留着。
And the like fact holds in the surrounding towns.
类似的事实也存在于周边城镇。
This hard work will always be done by one kind of man; not by scheming speculators, nor by soldiers, nor professors, nor readers of Tennyson; but by men of endurance,--deep-chested, long-winded, tough, slow and sure, and timely.
这种艰苦的工作永远由一种人来完成；不是由诡计多端的投机者，也不是士兵，也不是教授，也不是丁尼生的读者；但都是有耐力的人——胸怀深沉、啰嗦、坚韧、缓慢、坚定、及时。
The farmer has a great health, and the appetite of health, and means to his end: he has broad lands for his home, wood to burn great fires, plenty of plain food; his milk, at least, is unwatered; and for sleep, he has cheaper and better and more of it than citizens.
农民身体健康，有健康的胃口，并且有达到目的的手段：他有广阔的土地作为他的家园，有可以生火的木材，有充足的简单食物；他有足够的食物。至少他的牛奶没有加水；至于睡眠，他比公民拥有更便宜、更好、更多的睡眠。
He has grave trusts confided to him.
他受到了重大的信任。
In the great household of Nature, the farmer stands at the door of the bread-room, and weighs to each his loaf.
在大自然的大家庭里，农夫站在面包房门口，给每个人称量他的面包。
It is for him to say whether men shall marry or not.
男人是否结婚是由他决定的。
Early marriages and the number of births are indissolubly connected with abundance of food; or, as Burke said, “Man breeds at the mouth.” Then he is the Board of Quarantine.
早婚和生育的数量与丰富的食物有着密不可分的关系。或者，正如伯克所说，“人类从嘴里繁殖。”然后他是检疫局的。
The farmer is a hoarded capital of health, as the farm is the capital of wealth; and it is from him that the health and power, moral and intellectual, of the cities came.
农民是健康的资本，正如农场是财富的资本一样；城市的健康和力量、道德和智力都来自于他。
The city is always recruited from the country.
城市总是从乡村招募。
The men in cities who are the centres of energy, the driving-wheels of trade, politics, or practical arts, and the women of beauty and genius are the children or grandchildren of farmers, and are spending the energies which their fathers’ hardy, silent life accumulated in frosty furrows, in poverty, necessity, and darkness.
城市里的男人是能源中心，是贸易、政治或实用艺术的驱动轮，而美丽而天才的女人是农民的子孙，他们正在消耗着他们的父辈辛勤劳作的精力，沉默的生活在冰冷的犁沟、贫困、贫困和黑暗中积累。
He is the continuous benefactor.
他是持续的恩人。
He who digs a well, constructs a stone fountain, plants a grove of trees by the roadside, plants an orchard, builds a durable house, reclaims a swamp, or so much as puts a stone seat by the wayside, makes the land so far lovely and desirable, makes a fortune which he cannot carry away with him, but which is useful to his country long afterwards.
挖一口井，建造一个石泉，在路边种一片树林，种植一个果园，建造一座耐用的房屋，开垦一片沼泽，甚至在路边放一个石凳，他就使土地如此遥远可爱而令人向往的他赚了一笔他无法带走的财富，但在以后很长一段时间内对他的国家有用。
The man that works at home helps society at large with somewhat more of certainty than he who devotes himself to charities.
在家工作的人比致力于慈善事业的人更有把握帮助整个社会。
If it be true that, not by votes of political parties, but by the eternal laws of political economy, slaves are driven out of a slave State as fast as it is surrounded by free States, then the true abolitionist is the farmer, who, heedless of laws and constitutions, stands all day in the field, investing his labor in the land, and making a product with which no forced labor can compete.
如果奴隶被赶出蓄奴州的速度与自由州包围的速度一样快，不是通过政党的投票，而是通过政治经济的永恒法则，那么真正的废奴主义者就是农民，他们，他不顾法律和宪法，整天站在田野里，将自己的劳动投入到土地上，生产出任何强迫劳动都无法与之竞争的产品。
We commonly say that the rich man can speak the truth, can afford honesty, can afford independence of opinion and action;--and that is the theory of nobility.
我们常说，有钱人能说真话，能诚实，能独立见解和行动；——这就是贵族理论。
But it is the rich man in a true sense, that is to say, not the man of large income and large expenditure, but solely the man whose outlay is less than his income and is steadily kept so.
但这是真正意义上的富人，也就是说，不是大收入、大支出的人，而只是支出少于收入并稳定保持的人。
In English factories, the boy that watches the loom, to tie the thread when the wheel stops to indicate that a thread is broken, is called a _minder_.
在英国工厂里，看守织布机的男孩被称为_minder_，当织布机停止时，他会系线以表明线已断。
And in this great factory of our Copernican globe, shifting its slides; rotating its constellations, times, and tides; bringing now the day of planting, then of watering, then of weeding, then of reaping, then of curing and storing,--the farmer is the _minder_.
在我们哥白尼地球的这个伟大工厂里，移动它的幻灯片；旋转它的星座、时间和潮汐；现在是播种的日子，然后是浇水的日子，然后是除草的日子，然后是收割的日子，然后是腌制和储存的日子——农民是_看护者_。
His machine is of colossal proportions,--the diameter of the water-wheel, the arms of the levers, the power of the battery, are out of all mechanic measure;--and it takes him long to understand its parts and its working.
他的机器规模庞大——水轮的直径、杠杆臂、电池的功率，都超出了所有机械测量的范围；——他花了很长时间才理解它的部件和工作原理。 。
This pump never “sucks”; these screws are never loose; this machine is never out of gear; the vat and piston, wheels and tires, never wear out, but are self-repairing.
这个泵永远不会“吸”；这些螺丝永远不会松动；这台机器永远不会脱离齿轮；缸和活塞、轮子和轮胎永远不会磨损，而且可以自我修复。
Who are the farmer’s servants? Not the Irish, nor the coolies, but Geology and Chemistry, the quarry of the air, the water of the brook, the lightning of the cloud, the castings of the worm, the plough of the frost.
谁是农民的仆人？不是爱尔兰人，也不是苦力，而是地质学和化学，空气的采石场，溪流的水，云彩的闪电，蠕虫的铸件，霜冻的犁。
Long before he was born, the sun of ages decomposed the rocks, mellowed his land, soaked it with light and heat, covered it with vegetable film, then with forests, and accumulated the sphagnum whose decays made the peat of his meadow.
早在他出生之前，岁月的阳光就分解了岩石，使他的土地变得醇厚，用光和热浸泡它，用蔬菜薄膜覆盖它，然后用森林覆盖它，并积累了水苔，这些水苔的腐烂使他的草地变成了泥炭。
Science has shown the great circles in which nature works; the manner in which marine plants balance the marine animals, as the land plants supply the oxygen which the animals consume, and the animals the carbon which the plants absorb.
科学已经揭示了大自然运作的大循环。海洋植物平衡海洋动物的方式，因为陆地植物提供动物消耗的氧气，动物提供植物吸收的碳。
These activities are incessant.
这些活动是不间断的。
Nature works on a method of _all for each and each for all_.
大自然采用一种“所有人为每个人，每个人为所有人”的方法。
The strain that is made on one point bears on every arch and foundation of the structure.
一点上产生的应变会作用在结构的每个拱和基础上。
There is a perfect solidarity.
有一种完美的团结。
You cannot detach an atom from its holdings, or strip off from it the electricity, gravitation, chemic affinity, or the relation to light and heat, and leave the atom bare.
你无法将原子从其所拥有的东西中分离出来，或者剥离它的电、引力、化学亲和力或与光和热的关系，而让原子裸露。
No, it brings with it its universal ties.
不，它带来了普遍的联系。
Nature, like a cautious testator, ties up her estate so as not to bestow it all on one generation, but has a forelooking tenderness and equal regard to the next and the next, and the fourth, and the fortieth age.
大自然就像一个谨慎的立遗嘱人，将她的财产捆绑起来，以免将其全部赠予一代人，但对下一代、第四代和第四十代却有着前瞻性的温柔和同等的尊重。
There lie the inexhaustible magazines.
那里有取之不尽用之不竭的杂志。
The eternal rocks, as we call them, have held their oxygen or lime undiminished, entire, as it was.
我们称之为永恒的岩石，它们的氧气或石灰保持不变，完整如初。
No particle of oxygen can rust or wear, but has the same energy as on the first morning.
任何氧气颗粒都不会生锈或磨损，但其能量却与第一个早晨相同。
The good rocks, those patient waiters, say to him: ‘We have the sacred power as we received it.
那些善良的岩石，那些耐心的侍者，对他说：“我们收到了神圣的力量。
We have not failed of our trust, and now--when in our immense day the hour is at last struck--take the gas we have hoarded; mingle it with water; and let it be free to grow in plants and animals, and obey the thought of man.’ The earth works for him; the earth is a machine which yields almost gratuitous service to every application of intellect.
我们没有辜负我们的信任，现在——当我们伟大的日子终于敲响的时候——拿走我们储存的汽油；将其与水混合；并让它在植物和动物中自由生长，并服从人类的思想。大地为他工作；地球是一台机器，它为智力的每一个应用提供几乎无偿的服务。
Every plant is a manufacturer of soil.
每一种植物都是土壤的制造者。
In the stomach of the plant development begins.
植物在胃中开始发育。
The tree can draw on the whole air, the whole earth, on all the rolling main.
树可以汲取整个空气、整个地球、所有滚动的主力。
The plant is all suction-pipe,--imbibing from the ground by its root, from the air by its leaves, with all its might.
植物就像吸管一样——用它的根从地面吸水，用叶子从空气吸水，竭尽全力。
The air works for him.
空气对他有用。
The atmosphere, a sharp solvent, drinks the essence and spirit of every solid on the globe,--a menstruum which melts the mountains into it.
大气是一种锋利的溶剂，吸收着地球上每一种固体的本质和精神——一种将山脉融化其中的溶剂。
Air is matter subdued by heat.
空气是受热抑制的物质。
As the sea is the grand receptacle of all rivers, so the air is the receptacle from which all things spring, and into which they all return.
正如海洋是所有河流的大容器一样，空气也是万物诞生和回归的容器。
The invisible and creeping air takes form and solid mass.
看不见的、蠕动的空气形成了形状和固体。
Our senses are sceptics, and believe only the impression of the moment, and do not believe the chemical fact that these huge mountain-chains are made up of gases and rolling wind.
我们的感官是持怀疑态度的，只相信一时的印象，而不相信这些巨大的山脉是由气体和滚滚的风组成的化学事实。
But Nature is as subtle as she is strong.
但大自然既坚强又微妙。
She turns her capital day by day; deals never with dead, but ever with quick subjects.
她日复一日地转动着她的资本；从来不涉及死者，而只涉及快速的主题。
All things are flowing, even those that seem immovable.
一切事物都在流动，即使是那些看起来一动不动的事物。
The adamant is always passing into smoke.
坚定的心总是化为泡影。
The plants imbibe the materials which they want from the air and the ground.
植物从空气和地面吸收它们想要的物质。
They burn, that is, exhale and decompose their own bodies into the air and earth again.
他们燃烧，也就是呼气，将自己的身体再次分解到空气和泥土中。
The animal burns, or undergoes the like perpetual consumption.
动物被烧伤，或者经历类似的永久消耗。
The earth burns,--the mountains burn and decompose,--slower, but incessantly.
大地在燃烧，山脉在燃烧和分解，速度较慢，但持续不断。
It is almost inevitable to push the generalization up into higher parts of nature, rank over rank into sentient beings.
将概括推向自然的更高部分几乎是不可避免的，一层一层地推向众生。
Nations burn with internal fire of thought and affection, which wastes while it works.
国家内部燃烧着思想和情感之火，但在发挥作用时却被浪费了。
We shall find finer combustion and finer fuel.
我们将找到更精细的燃烧和更优质的燃料。
Intellect is a fire: rash and pitiless it melts this wonderful bone-house which is called man.
智力是一团火：鲁莽而无情的它融化了这个被称为人的奇妙的骨屋。
Genius even, as it is the greatest good, is the greatest harm.
即使天才是最大的善，也是最大的害。
Whilst all thus burns,--the universe in a blaze kindled from the torch of the sun,--it needs a perpetual tempering, a phlegm, a sleep, atmospheres of azote, deluges of water, to check the fury of the conflagration; a hoarding to check the spending; a centripetence equal to the centrifugence: and this is invariably supplied.
当一切都这样燃烧时——宇宙在太阳火炬点燃的火焰中——它需要永久的调和、粘液、睡眠、氮气氛、洪水，以阻止大火的猛烈；囤积以检查支出；向心力等于离心力：并且这总是被提供的。
The railroad dirt-cars are good excavators; but there is no porter like Gravitation, who will bring down any weights which man cannot carry, and if he wants aid, knows where to find his fellow-laborers.
铁路土车是很好的挖掘机；但没有哪个搬运工能像万有引力一样，能够减轻人类无法搬运的任何重物，如果他需要帮助，他知道在哪里可以找到他的同事。
Water works in masses, and sets its irresistible shoulder to your mills or your ships, or transports vast boulders of rock in its iceberg a thousand miles.
水以大量的方式发挥作用，以不可抗拒的肩膀支撑着你的磨坊或船只，或者将冰山中的巨大岩石运送到一千英里之外。
But its far greater power depends on its talent of becoming little, and entering the smallest holes and pores.
但它更大的力量取决于它变小、进入最小的孔洞和毛孔的天赋。
By this agency, carrying in solution elements needful to every plant, the vegetable world exists.
通过这个机构，携带每种植物所需的溶液元素，蔬菜世界就存在了。
But as I said, we must not paint the farmer in rose-color.
但正如我所说，我们不能把农民涂成玫瑰色。
Whilst these grand energies have wrought for him, and made his task possible, he is habitually engaged in small economies, and is taught the power that lurks in petty things.
虽然这些巨大的能量为他带来了帮助，使他的任务成为可能，但他习惯性地从事小型经济活动，并被教导潜藏在小事中的力量。
Great is the force of a few simple arrangements; for instance, the powers of a fence.
一些简单安排的力量是巨大的；例如，栅栏的力量。
On the prairie you wander a hundred miles, and hardly find a stick or a stone.
在草原上行走百里，几乎找不到一根棍子或一块石头。
At rare intervals, a thin oak opening has been spared, and every such section has been long occupied.
每隔一段时间，就会有一个薄薄的橡木空地被保留下来，而且每一个这样的区域都长期被占用。
But the farmer manages to procure wood from far, puts up a rail fence, and at once the seeds sprout and the oaks rise.
但农民设法从远处采购木材，竖起栅栏，种子立刻发芽，橡树生长起来。
It was only browsing and fire which had kept them down.
只是浏览和火灾才让他们失望。
Plant fruit-trees by the roadside, and their fruit will never be allowed to ripen.
在路边种果树，其果实永远不会成熟。
Draw a pine fence about them, and for fifty years they mature for the owner their delicate fruit.
在它们周围画上松木栅栏，五十年来它们为主人成熟了精致的果实。
There is a great deal of enchantment in a chestnut rail or picketed pine boards.
栗色栏杆或松木板有很多魅力。
Nature suggests every economical expedient somewhere on a great scale.
大自然在某个地方大规模地暗示了每一种经济权宜之计。
Set out a pine-tree, and it dies in the first year, or lives a poor spindle.
放一棵松树，第一年就死了，或者是一根可怜的纺锤。
But Nature drops a pine-cone in Mariposa, and it lives fifteen centuries, grows three or four hundred feet high, and thirty in diameter,--grows in a grove of giants, like a colonnade of Thebes.
但大自然在马里波萨丢下一颗松果，它能活十五个世纪，长到三四百英尺高，直径三十英尺——生长在巨人的树林里，就像底比斯的柱廊。
Ask the tree how it was done.
询问树是如何完成的。
It did not grow on a ridge, but in a basin, where it found deep soil, cold enough and dry enough for the pine; defended itself from the sun by growing in groves, and from the wind by the walls of the mountain.
它不是生长在山脊上，而是生长在盆地里，那里有深厚的土壤，足够冷、足够干燥，适合松树生长。它们通过生长在树林中来抵御阳光，通过山墙来抵御风。
The roots that shot deepest, and the stems of happiest exposure, drew the nourishment from the rest, until the less thrifty perished and manured the soil for the stronger, and the mammoth Sequoias rose to their enormous proportions.
长得最深的根，以及最快乐暴露的茎，从其他地方汲取营养，直到那些不那么节俭的植物死亡，为更强壮的植物施肥，而巨大的红杉则长得巨大。
The traveller who saw them remembered his orchard at home, where every year, in the destroying wind, his forlorn trees pined like suffering virtue.
看到它们的旅行者想起了他家乡的果园，每年，在毁灭性的狂风中，他的孤零零的树木都像受苦的美德一样枯萎。
In September, when the pears hang heaviest, and are taking from the sun their gay colors, comes usually a gusty day which shakes the whole garden, and throws down the heaviest fruit in bruised heaps.
九月，当梨子挂得最重，在阳光下褪去它们绚丽的色彩时，通常会遇到阵阵大风，震动整个花园，把最重的水果抛落成一堆伤痕累累的。
The planter took the hint of the Sequoias, built a high wall, or--better--surrounded the orchard with a nursery of birches and evergreens.
种植园主接受了红杉的暗示，建造了一堵高墙，或者更好的是，在果园周围种植桦树和常绿植物。
Thus he had the mountain basin in miniature; and his pears grew to the size of melons, and the vines beneath them ran an eighth of a mile.
这样他就得到了山盆地的缩影；他的梨子长到了瓜那么大，梨子下面的藤蔓长达八分之一英里。
But this shelter creates a new climate.
但这个避难所创造了一种新的气候。
The wall that keeps off the strong wind keeps off the cold wind.
挡强风的墙挡住了寒风。
The high wall reflecting the heat back on the soil gives that acre a quadruple share of sunshine, “Enclosing in the garden square A dead and standing pool of air,” and makes a little Cuba within it, whilst all without is Labrador.
高墙将热量反射回土壤，为这英亩土地提供了四倍的阳光，“在花园广场中封闭了一个死气沉沉的静止空气池”，并在其中形成了一个小古巴，而外面则是拉布拉多犬。
The chemist comes to his aid every year by following out some new hint drawn from nature, and now affirms that this dreary space occupied by the farmer is needless: he will concentrate his kitchen-garden into a box of one or two rods square, will take the roots into his laboratory; the vines and stalks and stems may go sprawling about in the fields outside, he will attend to the roots in his tub, gorge them with food that is good for them.
化学家每年都会根据从大自然中得出的一些新提示来帮助他，现在他断言农民占据的这个沉闷的空间是不必要的：他将把他的厨房花园集中到一个一两杆见方的盒子里，将扎根于他的实验室；藤蔓、茎和茎可能会在外面的田野里蔓延，他会在浴缸里照顾根部，用对它们有益的食物让它们饱腹。
The smaller his garden, the better he can feed it, and the larger the crop.
他的花园越小，他就越能养活它，收成也越大。
As he nursed his Thanksgiving turkeys on bread and milk, so he will pamper his peaches and grapes on the viands they like best.
正如他用面包和牛奶喂养感恩节火鸡一样，他也会用桃子和葡萄最喜欢的食物来宠爱它们。
If they have an appetite for potash, or salt, or iron, or ground bones, or even now and then for a dead hog, he will indulge them.
如果他们对钾肥、盐、铁、碎骨头有胃口，甚至偶尔想吃死猪，他就会纵容他们。
They keep the secret well, and never tell on your table whence they drew their sunset complexion or their delicate flavors.
他们保守秘密，永远不会在你的餐桌上告诉你他们夕阳般的肤色或精致的味道是从哪里来的。
See what the farmer accomplishes by a cartload of tiles: he alters the climate by letting off water which kept the land cold through constant evaporation, and allows the warm rain to bring down into the roots the temperature of the air and of the surface-soil; and he deepens the soil, since the discharge of this standing water allows the roots of his plants to penetrate below the surface to the subsoil, and accelerates the ripening of the crop.
看看农民通过一车瓷砖完成了什么：他通过释放水来改变气候，水通过不断蒸发使土地保持寒冷，并让温暖的雨水将空气和表土的温度降低到根部;他加深了土壤，因为排出的积水可以让植物的根部渗透到地表以下的地下，并加速作物的成熟。
The town of Concord is one of the oldest towns in this country, far on now in its third century.
康科德镇是这个国家最古老的城镇之一，距今已有三世纪的历史。
The selectmen have once in every five years perambulated the boundaries, and yet, in this very year, a large quantity of land has been discovered and added to the town without a murmur of complaint from any quarter.
选举委员每五年巡查一次边界，然而就在这一年，大量土地被发现并添加到城镇中，没有任何一方抱怨。
By drainage we went down to a subsoil we did not know, and have found there is a Concord under old Concord, which we are now getting the best crops from; a Middlesex under Middlesex; and, in fine, that Massachusetts has a basement story more valuable, and that promises to pay a better rent, than all the superstructure.
通过排水，我们进入了一个我们不知道的地下土壤，并发现在老康科德下有一个康科德，我们现在从中获得最好的庄稼；米德尔塞克斯下的米德尔塞克斯；总而言之，马萨诸塞州的地下室比所有上层建筑更有价值，而且有望支付更好的租金。
But these tiles have acquired by association a new interest.
但这些瓷砖因联想而获得了新的兴趣。
These tiles are political economists, confuters of Malthus and Ricardo; they are so many Young Americans announcing a better era,--more bread.
这些人是政治经济学家，是马尔萨斯和李嘉图的反对者；他们是许多美国年轻人宣告一个更好的时代——更多的面包。
They drain the land, make it sweet and friable; have made English Chat Moss a garden, and will now do as much for the Dismal Swamp.
他们排干土地，使土地变甜变脆；已经把英国聊天苔藓变成了一个花园，现在也将为惨淡沼泽做同样的事情。
But beyond this benefit, they are the text of better opinions and better auguries for mankind.
但除了这种好处之外，它们还是对人类更好的观点和更好的预兆的文本。
There has been a nightmare bred in England of indigestion and spleen among landlords and loomlords, namely, the dogma that men breed too fast for the powers of the soil; that men multiply in a geometrical ratio, whilst corn only in an arithmetical; and hence that, the more prosperous we are, the faster we approach these frightful limits: nay, the plight of every new generation is worse than of the foregoing, because the first comers take up the best lands; the next, the second best; and each succeeding wave of population is driven to poorer, so that the land is ever yielding less returns to enlarging hosts of eaters.
在英国，地主和织机主们一直在酝酿着一场消化不良和脾气暴躁的噩梦，即认为人类繁殖速度太快而无法承受土地力量的教条；人类以几何比例繁殖，而谷物仅以算术比例繁殖；因此，我们越繁荣，我们就越快接近这些可怕的极限：不仅如此，每一代人的困境都比前一代人更糟糕，因为先来者占据了最好的土地；下一个，次佳；每一波后续的人口浪潮都会变得更加贫穷，因此土地对于不断增加的食客来说所获得的回报越来越少。
Henry Carey of Philadelphia replied: ‘Not so, Mr.
费城的亨利·凯里回答说：“不是这样的，先生。”
Malthus, but just the opposite of so is the fact.’ The first planter, the savage, without helpers, without tools, looking chiefly to safety from his enemy,--man or beast,--takes poor land.
马尔萨斯，但事实恰恰相反。第一个种植园主是野蛮人，没有帮手，没有工具，主要是为了躲避敌人——人或兽——的安全，占据了贫瘠的土地。
The better lands are loaded with timber, which he cannot clear; they need drainage, which he cannot attempt.
较好的土地上满是木材，他无法清理；他们需要排水，但他无法尝试。
He cannot plough, or fell trees, or drain the rich swamp.
他不能犁地，不能砍伐树木，也不能排干肥沃的沼泽。
He is a poor creature; he scratches with a sharp stick, lives in a cave or a hutch, has no road but the trail of the moose or bear; he lives on their flesh when he can kill one, on roots and fruits when he cannot.
他是一个可怜的人；他用锋利的棍子抓挠，住在山洞或小屋里，除了驼鹿或熊的踪迹之外没有路。当他能杀死一个人时，他就靠它们的肉为生；当他不能杀死一个人时，他就靠树根和果实为生。
He falls, and is lame; he coughs, he has a stitch in his side, he has a fever and chills: when he is hungry, he cannot always kill and eat a bear;--chances of war,--sometimes the bear eats him.
他跌倒了，就瘸了；他咳嗽，他的肋旁缝了针，他发烧，发冷：当他饿的时候，他不能总是杀死并吃掉一头熊；——战争的机会，——有时熊会吃掉他。
’Tis long before he digs or plants at all, and then only a patch.
距离他开始挖掘或种植已经很久了，而且还只是一小块土地。
Later he learns that his planting is better than hunting; that the earth works faster for him than he can work for himself,--works for him when he is asleep, when it rains, when heat overcomes him.
后来他才知道，种植比打猎更好。大地为他工作的速度比他为自己工作的速度还要快——当他睡觉时，下雨时，当炎热征服他时，大地为他工作。
The sun-stroke which knocks him down brings his corn up.
中暑使他倒下，但他的玉米却长起来了。
As his family thrive, and other planters come up around him, he begins to fell trees, and clear good land; and when, by and by, there is more skill, and tools and roads, the new generations are strong enough to open the lowlands, where the wash of mountains has accumulated the best soil, which yield a hundred-fold the former crops.
随着他的家庭蓬勃发展，周围出现了其他种植园主，他开始砍伐树木，开垦良田；渐渐地，当有了更多的技能、工具和道路，新一代就有足够的力量去开垦低地，在那里，山峦的冲刷积累了最好的土壤，其产量是以前的一百倍。
The last lands are the best lands.
最后的土地是最好的土地。
It needs science and great numbers to cultivate the best lands, and in the best manner.
以最好的方式耕种最好的土地需要科学和大量的人口。
Thus true political economy is not mean, but liberal, and on the pattern of the sun and sky.
因此，真正的政治经济学不是卑鄙的，而是自由的，并且是基于太阳和天空的模式。
Population increases in the ratio of morality: credit exists in the ratio of morality.
人口的增加存在于道德的比率中：信用存在于道德的比率中。
Meantime we cannot enumerate the incidents and agents of the farm without reverting to their influence on the farmer.
同时，我们不能列举农场的事件和代理人，而不考虑它们对农民的影响。
He carries out this cumulative preparation of means to their last effect.
他不断地准备各种手段，以达到最后的效果。
This crust of soil which ages have refined he refines again for the feeding of a civil and instructed people.
他再次提炼这片经过岁月磨炼的土壤，以供养活平民和受过教育的人们。
The great elements with which he deals cannot leave him unaffected, or unconscious of his ministry; but their influence somewhat resembles that which the same Nature has on the child,--of subduing and silencing him.
他所处理的重大因素不可能让他不受影响，或者不意识到他的事工；但它们的影响有点类似于同一种本性对孩子的影响——制服他并让他沉默。
We see the farmer with pleasure and respect, when we think what powers and utilities are so meekly worn.
当我们想到什么权力和公用事业是如此温顺地磨损时，我们满怀喜悦和尊重地看待农民。
He knows every secret of labor: he changes the face of the landscape.
他知道劳动的每一个秘密：他改变了景观的面貌。
Put him on a new planet, and he would know where to begin; yet there is no arrogance in his bearing, but a perfect gentleness.
把他放在一个新的星球上，他就会知道从哪里开始；但他的举止中却没有傲慢，反而有一种完美的温柔。
The farmer stands well on the world.
这位农民在世界上地位很高。
Plain in manners as in dress, he would not shine in palaces; he is absolutely unknown and inadmissible therein; living or dying, he never shall be heard of in them; yet the drawing-room heroes put down beside him would shrivel in his presence,--he solid and unexpressive, they expressed to gold-leaf.
举止和衣着都朴素，在宫廷里不会发光。他绝对不为人所知，因此不得被接纳；无论生前还是死后，他的名字都不会在他们身上被提及；然而，放在他身边的客厅英雄们却会在他面前枯萎——他们对金箔表示，他是坚实的、缺乏表现力的。
But he stands well on the world,--as Adam did, as an Indian does, as Homer’s heroes, Agamemnon or Achilles, do.
但他在世界上地位很高，就像亚当、印第安人和荷马的英雄阿伽门农或阿喀琉斯一样。
He is a person whom a poet of any clime--Milton, Firdusi, or Cervantes--would appreciate as being really a piece of the old Nature, comparable to sun and moon, rainbow and flood; because he is, as all natural persons are, representative of Nature as much as these.
任何流派的诗人——弥尔顿、菲尔杜西或塞万提斯——都会欣赏他，认为他是古老自然的一部分，可与太阳和月亮、彩虹和洪水相媲美；因为他和所有自然人一样，与这些自然人一样代表自然。
That uncorrupted behavior which we admire in animals and in young children belongs to him, to the hunter, the sailor,--the man who lives in the presence of Nature.
我们所钦佩的动物和幼儿身上那种纯洁的行为属于他，属于猎人、水手，属于生活在自然面前的人。
Cities force growth, and make men talkative and entertaining, but they make them artificial.
城市推动经济增长，让人们变得健谈、有趣，但也让他们变得矫揉造作。
What possesses interest for us is the _naturel_ of each, his constitutional excellence.
我们感兴趣的是每个人的本性，即他的宪法卓越性。
This is forever a surprise, engaging and lovely; we cannot be satiated with knowing it, and about it; and it is this which the conversation with Nature cherishes and guards.
这永远是一个惊喜、迷人且可爱；我们不能满足于了解它和了解它；这正是与自然对话所珍视和守护的。
WORKS AND DAYS.
工作和日子。
WORKS AND DAYS.
工作和日子。
Our nineteenth century is the age of tools.
我们的十九世纪是工具的时代。
They grow out of our structure.
它们是从我们的结构中生长出来的。
“Man is the metre of all things,” said Aristotle; “the hand is the instrument of instruments, and the mind is the form of forms.” The human body is the magazine of inventions, the patent-office, where are the models from which every hint was taken.
亚里士多德说：“人是万物的尺度”。 “手是工具中的工具，心灵是形式中的形式。”人体是发明的杂志、专利局，那里是从中汲取每一个暗示的模型。
All the tools and engines on earth are only extensions of its limbs and senses.
地球上所有的工具和发动机都只是其肢体和感官的延伸。
One definition of man is “an intelligence served by organs.” Machines can only second, not supply, his unaided senses.
人的一个定义是“由器官服务的智力”。机器只能辅助而不是补充他的独立感官。
The body is a metre.
身体有一米。
The eye appreciates finer differences than art can expose.
眼睛能欣赏到比艺术所能揭示的更细微的差异。
The apprentice clings to his foot-rule, a practised mechanic will measure by his thumb and his arm with equal precision; and a good surveyor will pace sixteen rods more accurately than another man can measure them by tape.
学徒会紧紧抓住他的尺尺，熟练的机械师会用拇指和手臂以同样的精度进行测量；一个好的测量员能够比其他人用卷尺测量十六根杆更准确。
The sympathy of eye and hand by which an Indian or a practised slinger hits his mark with a stone, or a wood-chopper or a carpenter swings his axe to a hair-line on his log, are examples; and there is no sense or organ which is not capable of exquisite performance.
印第安人或熟练的投石手用石头击中目标，或者伐木工或木匠将斧头挥向原木上的发际线，所用的眼睛和手的同情就是例子；没有任何感觉或器官不能进行精湛的表演。
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of our science; and such is the mechanical determination of our age, and so recent are our best contrivances, that use has not dulled our joy and pride in them; and we pity our fathers for dying before steam and galvanism, sulphuric ether and ocean telegraphs, photograph and spectroscope arrived, as cheated out of half their human estate.
人们喜欢好奇，这是我们科学的种子。这就是我们这个时代的机械决定，我们最好的发明也是最近才出现的，使用并没有减弱我们对它们的喜悦和自豪感。我们可怜我们的父辈，他们在蒸汽和电流、硫醚和海洋电报、照片和分光镜出现之前就去世了，他们的人类财产被剥夺了一半。
These arts open great gates of a future, promising to make the world plastic and to lift human life out of its beggary to a godlike ease and power.
这些艺术打开了未来的大门，承诺让世界变得可塑，让人类生活摆脱贫困，获得神圣的安逸和力量。
Our century, to be sure, had inherited a tolerable apparatus.
可以肯定的是，我们的世纪继承了一个还算可以的机构。
We had the compass, the printing-press, watches, the spiral spring, the barometer, the telescope.
我们有指南针、印刷机、手表、螺旋弹簧、气压计、望远镜。
Yet so many inventions have been added, that life seems almost made over new; and as Leibnitz said of Newton, “that if he reckoned all that had been done by mathematicians from the beginning of the world down to Newton, and what had been done by him, his would be the better half,” so one might say that the inventions of the last fifty years counterpoise those of the fifty centuries before them.
然而，如此多的发明被添加进来，生活似乎几乎焕然一新。正如莱布尼茨谈到牛顿时所说的那样，“如果他算上从世界诞生之初到牛顿为止数学家们所做的一切，以及他所做的一切，他的将是更好的一半，”所以人们可能会说过去五十年的发明抵消了之前五十个世纪的发明。
For the vast production and manifold application of iron is new; and our common and indispensable utensils of house and farm are new; the sewing-machine, the power-loom, the McCormick reaper, the mowing-machines, gas-light, lucifer-matches, and the immense productions of the laboratory, are new in this century, and one franc’s worth of coal does the work of a laborer for twenty days.
对于铁的大量生产和多种应用来说是新的；我们常见的、不可缺少的家庭和农用器具都是新的；缝纫机、动力织布机、麦考密克收割机、割草机、煤气灯、荧光火柴以及实验室的大量产品，都是本世纪的新产品，而一法郎的煤炭就可以完成这些工作做了二十天的工人。
Why need I speak of steam, the enemy of space and time, with its enormous strength and delicate applicability, which is made in hospitals to bring a bowl of gruel to a sick man’s bed, and can twist beams of iron like candy-braids, and vies with the forces which upheaved and doubled over the geologic strata? Steam is an apt scholar and a strong-shouldered fellow, but it has not yet done all its work.
为什么我需要谈论蒸汽，它是空间和时间的敌人，具有巨大的力量和微妙的适用性，它是在医院里制造的，可以将一碗粥送到病人的床上，可以像糖果辫子一样扭曲铁梁，并与地质层上翻倍的力量竞争？ Steam 是一位聪明的学者，也是一位坚强的家伙，但它还没有完成所有的工作。
It already walks about the field like a man, and will do anything required of it.
它已经像一个人一样在田野里行走，并且会做任何需要它做的事情。
It irrigates crops, and drags away a mountain.
它灌溉庄稼，移走一座山。
It must sew our shirts, it must drive our gigs; taught by Mr.
它必须缝制我们的衬衫，它必须驱动我们的演出；先生所教
Babbage, it must calculate interest and logarithms.
巴贝奇，它必须计算利息和对数。
Lord Chancellor Thurlow thought it might be made to draw bills and answers in chancery.
瑟洛大法官认为可以在大法官法庭中提出法案和答复。
If that were satire, it is yet coming to render many higher services of a mechanico-intellectual kind, and will leave the satire short of the fact.
如果那是讽刺，那么它还将提供许多机械知识类的更高服务，并且将使讽刺脱离事实。
How excellent are the mechanical aids we have applied to the human body, as in dentistry, in vaccination, in the rhinoplastic treatment; in the beautiful aid of ether, like a finer sleep; and in the boldest promiser of all,--the transfusion of the blood,--which, in Paris, it was claimed, enables a man to change his blood as often as his linen! What of this dapper caoutchouc and gutta-percha, which make water-pipes and stomach-pumps, belting for mill-wheels, and diving bells, and rain-proof coats for all climates, which teach us to defy the wet, and put every man on a footing with the beaver and the crocodile? What of the grand tools with which we engineer, like kobolds and enchanters,--tunnelling Alps, canalling the American Isthmus, piercing the Arabian desert? In Massachusetts, we fight the sea successfully with beach-grass and broom,--and the blowing sand-barrens with pine plantations.
我们应用于人体的机械辅助设备是多么出色，例如牙科、疫苗接种、鼻整形治疗；在乙醚的美妙帮助下，就像睡得更香；而在最大胆的承诺中——输血——据说，在巴黎，这使得一个人能够像更换亚麻布一样频繁地更换血液！这些精致的生橡胶和古塔胶又如何呢？它们可以用来制造水管和胃泵、水车皮带、潜水钟，以及适用于所有气候的防雨外套，它们教会我们如何抵御潮湿，并让我们的每一男人与海狸和鳄鱼站在一起？我们用来设计的宏伟工具，比如狗头人和魔法师——在阿尔卑斯山上开凿隧道，在美国地峡上开凿运河，穿越阿拉伯沙漠——又如何呢？在马萨诸塞州，我们用海滩草和扫帚成功地与大海作斗争，并用松树种植园与风吹沙荒地作斗争。
The soil of Holland, once the most populous in Europe, is below the level of the sea.
荷兰曾经是欧洲人口最多的国家，其土壤低于海平面。
Egypt, where no rain fell for three thousand years, now, it is said, thanks Mehemet Ali’s irrigations and planted forests for late-returning showers.
埃及三千年来一直没有下雨，据说现在要感谢穆罕默德·阿里的灌溉和种植森林，以应对迟来的阵雨。
The old Hebrew king said, “He makes the wrath of man to praise him.” And there is no argument of theism better than the grandeur of ends brought about by paltry means.
老希伯来国王说：“他使人的愤怒来赞美他。”对于有神论来说，没有什么比通过微不足道的手段所带来的宏伟目标更好的论证了。
The chain of western railroads from Chicago to the Pacific has planted cities and civilization in less time than it costs to bring an orchard into bearing.
从芝加哥到太平洋的西部铁路链种植城市和文明所花费的时间比培育果园所需的时间还要短。
What shall we say of the ocean telegraph, that extension of the eye and ear, whose sudden performance astonished mankind as if the intellect were taking the brute earth itself into training, and shooting the first thrills of life and thought through the unwilling brain? There does not seem any limit to these new informations of the same Spirit that made the elements at first, and now, through man, works them.
我们该如何评价海洋电报，它是眼睛和耳朵的延伸，它的突然表现让人类感到惊讶，就好像智力正在将残酷的地球本身纳入训练，并通过不情愿的大脑射出生命和思想的最初的兴奋？最初创造元素、现在又通过人来运作元素的同一个圣灵所提供的这些新信息似乎没有任何限制。
Art and power will go on as they have done,--will make day out of night, time out of space, and space out of time.
艺术和权力将像它们所做的那样继续下去——将从黑夜中创造白天，从空间中创造时间，从时间中创造空间。
Invention breeds invention.
发明孕育发明。
No sooner is the electric telegraph devised, than gutta-percha, the very material it requires, is found.
电报刚被设计出来，它所需要的古塔胶就被发现了。
The aeronaut is provided with gun-cotton, the very fuel he wants for his balloon.
为宇航员提供了枪棉，这正是他想要的气球燃料。
When commerce is vastly enlarged, California and Australia expose the gold it needs.
当商业大幅扩张时，加利福尼亚和澳大利亚就会暴露其所需的黄金。
When Europe is over-populated, America and Australia crave to be peopled; and so, throughout, every chance is timed, as if Nature, who made the lock, knew where to find the key.
当欧洲人口过剩时，美国和澳大利亚则渴望有人居住。因此，自始至终，每一次机会都是有时机的，就好像制造锁的大自然知道在哪里可以找到钥匙一样。
Another result of our arts is the new intercourse which is surprising us with new solutions of the embarrassing political problems.
我们艺术的另一个成果是新的交流，它以解决令人尴尬的政治问题的新方法让我们感到惊讶。
The intercourse is not new, but the scale is new.
交往并不新鲜，但规模却是新的。
Our selfishness would have held slaves, or would have excluded from a quarter of the planet all that are not born on the soil of that quarter.
我们的自私会保留奴隶，或者会将所有不是出生在该四分之一土地上的人排除在地球的四分之一之外。
Our politics are disgusting; but what can they help or hinder when from time to time the primal instincts are impressed on masses of mankind, when the nations are in exodus and flux? Nature loves to cross her stocks,--and German, Chinese, Turk, Russ, and Kanaka were putting out to sea, and intermarrying race with race; and commerce took the hint, and ships were built capacious enough to carry the people of a county.
我们的政治是令人厌恶的；但是，当原始本能不时地烙印在人类大众身上，当国家处于迁徙和流动之中时，它们能起到什么帮助或阻碍作用呢？大自然喜欢杂交，德国人、中国人、土耳其人、俄罗斯人和卡纳卡人都出海，种族间通婚。商业界也明白了这一点，建造了足够大的船只来运载一个县的人民。
This thousand-handed art has introduced a new element into the state.
这种千手艺术为国家引入了新的元素。
The science of power is forced to remember the power of science.
权力的科学被迫记住科学的力量。
Civilization mounts and climbs.
文明不断攀登。
Malthus, when he stated that the mouths went on multiplying geometrically, and the food only arithmetically, forgot to say that the human mind was also a factor in political economy, and that the augmenting wants of society would be met by an augmenting power of invention.
马尔萨斯说，人口不断以几何级数增长，而食物仅以算术级增长，他忘记说，人类的思想也是政治经济的一个因素，社会日益增长的需求将通过不断增长的发明力量来满足。 。
Yes, we have a pretty artillery of tools now in our social arrangements: we ride four times as fast as our fathers did; travel, grind, weave, forge, plant, till, and excavate better.
是的，我们现在在社会安排中拥有了相当多的工具：我们骑车的速度是我们父辈的四倍；我们的速度是我们父辈的四倍；我们的速度是我们父辈的四倍；我们的速度是我们父辈的四倍。更好地旅行、研磨、编织、锻造、种植、耕种和挖掘。
We have new shoes, gloves, glasses, and gimlets; we have the calculus; we have the newspaper, which does its best to make every square acre of land and sea give an account of itself at your breakfast-table; we have money, and paper money; we have language,--the finest tool of all, and nearest to the mind.
我们有新鞋、新手套、新眼镜和新钻头；我们有微积分；我们有报纸，它尽最大努力让每一英亩的土地和海洋在你的早餐桌上都有自己的报道；我们有钱，还有纸币；我们有语言——最好的工具，而且最接近心灵。
Much will have more.
多了就会有更多。
Man flatters himself that his command over nature must increase.
人类自以为他对自然的控制力必须增强。
Things begin to obey him.
事物开始听从他的指挥。
We are to have the balloon yet, and the next war will be fought in the air.
我们还没有拥有气球，下一场战争将在空中进行。
We may yet find a rose-water that will wash the negro white.
我们也许还能找到一种可以把黑人洗白的玫瑰水。
He sees the skull of the English race changing from its Saxon type under the exigencies of American life.
他看到英国人的头骨在美国生活的紧急情况下从撒克逊人的头骨发生了变化。
Tantalus, who in old times was seen vainly trying to quench his thirst with a flowing stream, which ebbed whenever he approached it, has been seen again lately.
过去，人们看到坦塔罗斯徒劳地试图用一条流动的溪流解渴，但每当他走近溪流时，溪流就会退潮，但最近又再次出现。
He is in Paris, in New York, in Boston.
他在巴黎、纽约、波士顿。
He is now in great spirits; thinks he shall reach it yet; thinks he shall bottle the wave.
他现在精神抖擞；认为他还会达到目标；认为他应该把波浪装在瓶子里。
It is, however, getting a little doubtful.
然而，这有点令人怀疑。
Things have an ugly look still.
事情看起来仍然很丑陋。
No matter how many centuries of culture have preceded, the new man always finds himself standing on the brink of chaos, always in a crisis.
无论文化经历了多少个世纪，新人类总是发现自己站在混乱的边缘，永远处于危机之中。
Can anybody remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce? Can anybody remember when sensible men, and the right sort of men, and the right sort of women, were plentiful? Tantalus begins to think steam a delusion, and galvanism no better than it should be.
有人记得那时候的日子并不艰难，钱也不稀缺吗？有人记得什么时候有很多明智的男人、正确的男人和正确的女人吗？坦塔罗斯开始认为蒸汽是一种错觉，而电流并没有比它应有的更好。
Many facts concur to show that we must look deeper for our salvation than to steam, photographs, balloons, or astronomy.
许多事实一致表明，我们必须更深入地寻求拯救，而不是蒸汽、照片、气球或天文学。
These tools have some questionable properties.
这些工具有一些值得怀疑的属性。
They are reagents.
它们是试剂。
Machinery is aggressive.
机械具有侵略性。
The weaver becomes a web, the machinist a machine.
织布工变成了网，机械师变成了机器。
If you do not use the tools, they use you.
如果你不使用这些工具，他们就会使用你。
All tools are in one sense edge-tools, and dangerous.
从某种意义上说，所有工具都是利器，而且很危险。
A man builds a fine house; and now he has a master, and a task for life: he is to furnish, watch, show it, and keep it in repair, the rest of his days.
一个人建造一座美好的房子；现在他有了一位主人，并承担了终生的任务：他将在余生中提供、观看、展示并维护它。
A man has a reputation, and is no longer free, but must respect that.
一个人有了名誉，不再是自由的，但必须尊重它。
A man makes a picture or a book, and, if it succeeds, ’tis often the worse for him.
一个人创作一幅画或一本书，如果成功了，对他来说往往是更糟糕的。
I saw a brave man the other day, hitherto as free as the hawk or the fox of the wilderness, constructing his cabinet of drawers for shells, eggs, minerals, and mounted birds.
有一天，我看到一个勇敢的人，迄今为止像荒野中的鹰或狐狸一样自由，正在建造他的抽屉柜，里面装着贝壳、鸡蛋、矿物和镶嵌的鸟类。
It was easy to see that he was amusing himself with making pretty links for his own limbs.
很容易看出，他正在为自己的四肢做漂亮的链接而自娱自乐。
Then the political economist thinks “’tis doubtful if all the mechanical inventions that ever existed have lightened the day’s toil of one human being.” The machine unmakes the man.
然后这位政治经济学家认为“如果所有曾经存在的机械发明都减轻了一个人一天的辛劳，这是值得怀疑的”。机器毁掉了人。
Now that the machine is so perfect, the engineer is nobody.
既然机器已经如此完美，工程师就无足轻重了。
Every new step in improving the engine restricts one more act of the engineer,--unteaches him.
改进发动机的每一个新步骤都会限制工程师的一项行为——不教他。
Once it took Archimedes; now it only needs a fireman, and a boy to know the coppers, to pull up the handles or mind the water-tank.
曾经需要阿基米德；现在它只需要一名消防员和一名懂得铜匠知识的男孩来拉起把手或照看水箱。
But when the engine breaks, they can do nothing.
但当发动机坏了，他们就无能为力了。
What sickening details in the daily journals! I believe they have ceased to publish the “Newgate Calendar” and the “Pirate’s Own Book” since the family newspapers, namely, the New York Tribune and the London Times, have quite superseded them in the freshness, as well as the horror, of their records of crime.
日报上有多么令人作呕的细节啊！我相信他们已经停止出版“纽盖特日历”和“海盗自己的书”了，因为家族报纸，即《纽约论坛报》和《伦敦时报》，在新鲜度和恐怖方面已经完全取代了它们。他们的犯罪记录。
Politics were never more corrupt and brutal; and Trade, that pride and darling of our ocean, that educator of nations, that benefactor in spite of itself, ends in shameful defaulting, bubble, and bankruptcy, all over the world.
政治从未如此腐败和残酷。贸易，我们海洋的骄傲和宠儿，国家的教育者，捐助者，不由自主地在全世界以可耻的违约、泡沫和破产告终。
Of course, we resort to the enumeration of his arts and inventions as a measure of the worth of man.
当然，我们通过列举他的艺术和发明来衡量人的价值。
But if, with all his arts, he is a felon, we cannot assume the mechanical skill or chemical resources as the measure of worth.
但是，如果尽管他拥有所有的技艺，但他是一个重罪犯，我们就不能假设他的机械技能或化学资源是价值的衡量标准。
Let us try another gauge.
让我们尝试另一个仪表。
What have these arts done for the character, for the worth of mankind? Are men better? ’Tis sometimes questioned whether morals have not declined as the arts have ascended.
这些艺术对品格、对人类的价值做了什么？男人更好吗？有时人们会质疑道德是否随着艺术的提升而下降。
Here are great arts and little men.
这里有伟大的艺术和小人物。
Here is greatness begotten of paltriness.
这是因卑微而伟大。
We cannot trace the triumphs of civilization to such benefactors as we wish.
我们不能将文明的胜利归咎于我们所希望的这样的恩人。
The greatest meliorator of the world is selfish, huckstering Trade.
世界上最伟大的改善者是自私、兜售的贸易。
Every victory over matter ought to recommend to man the worth of his nature.
每一次对物质的胜利都应该向人类展示其本性的价值。
But now one wonders who did all this good.
但现在人们想知道是谁做了这一切好事。
Look up the inventors.
查一下发明家。
Each has his own knack; his genius is in veins and spots.
每个人都有自己的诀窍；他的天才在于静脉和斑点。
But the great, equal, symmetrical brain, fed from a great heart, you shall not find.
但是，你将找不到由一颗伟大的心所滋养的伟大、平等、对称的大脑。
Every one has more to hide than he has to show, or is lamed by his excellence.
每个人都有比他必须表现的更多的东西来隐藏，或者因为他的卓越而受到蹩脚。
’Tis too plain that with the material power the moral progress has not kept pace.
显而易见的是，道德进步并没有跟上物质力量的步伐。
It appears that we have not made a judicious investment.
看来我们没有做出明智的投资。
Works and days were offered us, and we took works.
我们向我们提供了工作和日子，我们也接受了工作。
The new study of the Sanskrit has shown us the origin of the old names of God,--Dyaus, Deus, Zeus, Zeu pater, Jupiter,--names of the sun, still recognizable through the modifications of our vernacular words, importing that the Day is the Divine Power and Manifestation, and indicating that those ancient men, in their attempts to express the Supreme Power of the universe, called him the Day, and that this name was accepted by all the tribes.
对梵文的新研究向我们展示了上帝古老名字的起源——Dyaus、Deus、Zeus、Zeu pater、Jupiter——太阳的名字，通过我们白话词的修改仍然可以辨认出来，这意味着“白日”是神圣力量和显化，这表明那些古代人们在试图表达宇宙的最高力量时，称他为“白日”，并且这个名字被所有部落所接受。
Hesiod wrote a poem which he called “Works and Days,” in which he marked the changes of the Greek year, instructing the husbandman at the rising of what constellation he might safely sow, when to reap, when to gather wood, when the sailor might launch his boat in security from storms, and what admonitions of the planets he must heed.
赫西奥德写了一首诗，他称之为“工作与日子”，在诗中他标记了希腊年份的变化，指示农夫在哪个星座的升起时可以安全地播种，何时收割，何时收集木材，何时水手他可能会在暴风雨中安全地让他的船下水，他必须注意行星的警告。
It is full of economies for Grecian life, noting the proper age for marriage, the rules of household thrift, and of hospitality.
它充满了希腊生活的节约，指出了适当的结婚年龄、家庭节俭和热情好客的规则。
The poem is full of piety as well as prudence, and is adapted to all meridians, by adding the ethics of works and of days.
这首诗充满了虔诚和慎重，适应了一切经络，加入了工德和天德。
But he has not pushed his study of days into such inquiry and analysis as they invite.
但他并没有将他对日子的研究投入到他们所邀请的探究和分析中。
A farmer said “he should like to have all the land that joined his own.” Bonaparte, who had the same appetite, endeavored to make the Mediterranean a French lake.
一位农民说：“他希望拥有所有属于自己的土地。”波拿巴也有同样的胃口，他努力使地中海成为法国的湖泊。
Czar Alexander was more expansive, and wished to call the Pacific _my ocean_; and the Americans were obliged to resist his attempts to make it a close sea.
沙皇亚历山大更加豪爽，他希望称太平洋为“我的海洋”。美国人不得不抵制他将其变成近海的企图。
But if he had the earth for his pasture, and the sea for his pond, he would be a pauper still.
但如果他以大地为牧场，以海洋为池塘，他仍然是一个乞丐。
He only is rich who owns the day.
只有拥有这一天的人才是富有的。
There is no king, rich man, fairy, or demon who possesses such power as that.
没有任何一个国王、富人、仙女或恶魔拥有这样的力量。
The days are ever divine as to the first Aryans.
对于最早的雅利安人来说，日子永远是神圣的。
They are of the least pretension, and of the greatest capacity, of anything that exists.
在所有存在的事物中，它们是最不自命不凡、能力最强的。
They come and go like muffled and veiled figures, sent from a distant friendly party; but they say nothing; and if we do not use the gifts they bring, they carry them as silently away.
他们来来去去，就像是从遥远的友好团体派来的、蒙着面纱的人物。但他们什么也没说；如果我们不使用他们带来的礼物，他们就会默默地把它们带走。
How the day fits itself to the mind, winds itself round it like a fine drapery, clothing all its fancies! Any holiday communicates to us its color.
这一天多么适合心灵，像一块精美的帷幔一样缠绕在它周围，包裹着它所有的幻想！任何节日都会向我们传达它的色彩。
We wear its cockade and favors in our humor.
我们戴着它的帽徽，并以我们的幽默来表示支持。
Remember what boys think in the morning of “Election day,” of the Fourth of July, of Thanksgiving or Christmas.
记住男孩们在“选举日”、独立日、感恩节或圣诞节的早上会想什么。
The very stars in their courses wink to them of nuts and cakes, bonbons, presents, and fireworks.
课程中的明星们向他们眨眼，送上坚果、蛋糕、糖果、礼物和烟花。
Cannot memory still descry the old school-house and its porch, somewhat hacked by jack-knives, where you spun tops and snapped marbles; and do you not recall that life was then calendared by moments, threw itself into nervous knots or glittering hours, even as now, and not spread itself abroad an equable felicity? In college terms, and in years that followed, the young graduate, when the Commencement anniversary returned, though he were in a swamp, would see a festive light, and find the air faintly echoing with plausive academic thunders.
记忆中还记得那所旧校舍和它的门廊，有些被折刀砍过，你可以在那里旋转陀螺，折断弹珠；难道你不记得当时的生活是按时刻来安排的，让自己陷入紧张的纠结或闪闪发光的时刻，就像现在一样，而不是把自己传播到同样的幸福之中？就大学而言，以及随后的几年里，当毕业典礼周年纪念日到来时，这位年轻的毕业生，尽管身处沼泽地，仍会看到节日的灯光，并发现空气中隐隐约约地回荡着欢快的学术雷声。
In solitude and in the country, what dignity distinguishes the holy time! The old Sabbath, or Seventh Day, white with the religions of unknown thousands of years, when this hallowed hour dawns out of the deep,--a clean page, which the wise may inscribe with truth, whilst the savage scrawls it with fetishes,--the cathedral music of history breathes through it a psalm to our solitude.
在孤独的乡村里，神圣的时光是何等的尊严！古老的安息日，或者说第七日，在几千年来未知的宗教的影响下，当这个神圣的时刻从深处升起时，——一张干净的纸，智者可以在上面刻上真理，而野蛮人则可以在上面潦草写下迷信， ——历史的大教堂音乐在其中呼吸着一首对我们孤独的赞美诗。
So, in the common experience of the scholar, the weathers fit his moods.
所以，在学者的共同经验中，天气适合他的心情。
A thousand tunes the variable wind plays, a thousand spectacles it brings, and each is the frame or dwelling of a new spirit.
风吹奏出一千种曲调，带来一千种奇观，每一个都是新精神的框架或住所。
I used formerly to choose my time with some nicety for each favorite book.
以前，我会仔细地选择阅读每一本最喜欢的书的时间。
One author is good for winter, and one for the dog-days.
一位作家适合冬天，一位作家适合三伏天。
The scholar must look long for the right hour for Plato’s Timæus.
学者必须长期寻找柏拉图《蒂迈欧篇》的正确时机。
At last the elect morning arrives, the early dawn,--a few lights conspicuous in the heaven, as of a world just created and still becoming,--and in its wide leisures we dare open that book.
最后，选定的早晨到来了，黎明，——天空中出现了几道耀眼的光芒，就像一个刚刚创造的、仍在形成的世界——在它广阔的闲暇中，我们敢于打开那本书。
There are days when the great are near us, when there is no frown on their brow, no condescension even; when they take us by the hand, and we share their thought.
有时候，伟人就在我们身边，他们的眉头没有皱起，甚至没有居高临下的感觉。当他们牵着我们的手，我们分享他们的想法时。
There are days which are the carnival of the year.
有些日子是一年中的狂欢节。
The angels assume flesh, and repeatedly become visible.
天使化身为肉身，并反复变得可见。
The imagination of the gods is excited, and rushes on every side into forms.
众神的想象力被激发，从四面八方涌向现实。
Yesterday not a bird peeped; the world was barren, peaked, and pining: to-day ’tis inconceivably populous; creation swarms and meliorates.
昨天没有一只鸟儿窥视；世界是贫瘠的、高峰的、憔悴的：今天人口多得令人难以置信；创造蜂拥而至并不断改善。
The days are made on a loom whereof the warp and woof are past and future time.
日子是在织布机上织成的，织布机的经线和纬线分别是过去和未来的时间。
They are majestically dressed, as if every god brought a thread to the skyey web.
他们衣着庄严，仿佛每一位神都给天网带来了一根丝线。
’Tis pitiful the things by which we are rich or poor,--a matter of coins, coats, and carpets, a little more or less stone, or wood, or paint, the fashion of a cloak or hat; like the luck of naked Indians, of whom one is proud in the possession of a glass bead or a red feather, and the rest miserable in the want of it.
那些使我们致富或贫穷的东西是可怜的——硬币、外套和地毯，或多或少一点石头、木头、油漆、斗篷或帽子的款式；就像赤身裸体的印第安人的运气一样，他们中的一个人因拥有一颗玻璃珠或一根红色羽毛而感到自豪，而其他人则因缺乏它们而痛苦不堪。
But the treasures which Nature spent itself to amass,--the secular, refined, composite anatomy of man,--which all strata go to form, which the prior races, from infusory and saurian, existed to ripen; the surrounding plastic natures; the earth with its foods; the intellectual, temperamenting air; the sea with its invitations; the heaven deep with worlds; and the answering brain and nervous structure replying to these; the eye that looketh into the deeps, which again look back to the eye,--abyss to abyss;--these, not like a glass bead, or the coins or carpets, are given immeasurably to all.
但是大自然花费了自己的时间来积累的宝藏——人类世俗的、精致的、复合的解剖结构——所有阶层都形成了，先前的种族，从毛虫类到蜥蜴类，存在是为了成熟；周围的塑料性质；地球及其食物；知性气质；大海带着它的邀请；天堂深处有世界；以及响应这些的大脑和神经结构；眼睛望向深处，眼睛又回头看眼睛，从深渊到深渊；这些，不像玻璃珠、硬币或地毯，是不可估量地给予所有人的。
This miracle is hurled into every beggar’s hands.
这个奇迹被扔到每个乞丐的手中。
The blue sky is a covering for a market, and for the cherubim and seraphim.
蓝天是市场、基路伯和六翼天使的遮盖物。
The sky is the varnish or glory with which the Artist has washed the whole work,--the verge or confines of matter and spirit.
天空是艺术家用来清洗整个作品的清漆或荣耀——物质和精神的边缘或界限。
Nature could no farther go.
自然不能再继续下去了。
Could our happiest dream come to pass in solid fact,--could a power open our eyes to behold “millions of spiritual creatures walk the earth,”--I believe I should find that mid-plain on which they moved floored beneath and arched above with the same web of blue depth which weaves itself over me now, as I trudge the streets on my affairs.
如果我们最幸福的梦想能够成为现实，——有一种力量能打开我们的眼睛，让我们看到“数以百万计的精神生物行走在地球上”——我相信我应该找到他们移动的那片中部平原，它们在下面呈拱形。当我在街上为自己的事务而跋涉时，上面同样有蓝色深度的网，现在它自己编织在我身上。
’Tis singular that our rich English language should have no word to denote the face of the world.
奇怪的是，我们丰富的英语竟然没有一个词来表示世界的面貌。
_Kinde_ was the old English term, which, however, filled only half the range of our fine Latin word, with its delicate future tense,--_natura_, _about to be born_, or what German philosophy denotes as a _becoming_.
“Kinde”是一个古老的英语术语，然而，它只占了我们精美的拉丁词的一半范围，其微妙的未来时态是——_natura_，_即将诞生_，或者德国哲学所表示的_成为_。
But nothing expresses that power which seems to work for beauty alone.
但没有什么能表达出那种似乎只对美有用的力量。
The Greek _Kosmos_ did; and therefore, with great propriety, Humboldt entitles his book, which recounts the last results of science, _Cosmos_.
希腊语“Kosmos”做到了；因此，洪堡非常恰当地给他讲述科学最新成果的书起名为“宇宙”。
Such are the days,--the earth is the cup, the sky is the cover, of the immense bounty of nature which is offered us for our daily aliment; but what a force of _illusion_ begins life with us, and attends us to the end! We are coaxed, flattered, and duped, from morn to eve, from birth to death; and where is the old eye that ever saw through the deception? The Hindoos represent Maia, the illusory energy of Vishnu, as one of his principal attributes.
日子就是这样——大地是杯子，天空是盖子，大自然为我们提供了每日的营养品。但是，有一种多么大的_幻觉_力量伴随着我们的生命开始，并伴随着我们直到生命的结束！我们从早到晚，从生到死，都在被哄骗、被奉承、被欺骗；识破欺骗的那双老眼在哪里？印度人将毗湿奴的虚幻能量迈亚视为他的主要属性之一。
As if, in this gale of warring elements, which life is, it was necessary to bind souls to human life as mariners in a tempest lash themselves to the mast and bulwarks of a ship, and Nature employed certain illusions as her ties and straps,--a rattle, a doll, an apple, for a child; skates, a river, a boat, a horse, a gun, for the growing boy;--and I will not begin to name those of the youth and adult, for they are numberless.
仿佛，在生命即是这种交战元素的狂风中，有必要将灵魂与人类生命联系起来，就像暴风雨中的水手将自己绑在船的桅杆和舷墙上一样，而大自然则利用某些幻象作为她的领带和带子， ——给孩子的拨浪鼓、洋娃娃、苹果；溜冰鞋、一条河、一条船、一匹马、一把枪，对于正在成长的男孩来说；——我不会开始说出年轻人和成年人的名字，因为他们是无数的。
Seldom and slowly the mask falls, and the pupil is permitted to see that all is one stuff, cooked and painted under many counterfeit appearances.
面具很少且缓慢地掉落，学生被允许看到一切都是一回事，在许多伪造的外表下被煮熟和涂漆。
Hume’s doctrine was that the circumstances vary, the amount of happiness does not; that the beggar cracking fleas in the sunshine under a hedge, and the duke rolling by in his chariot, the girl equipped for her first ball, and the orator returning triumphant from the debate, had different means, but the same quantity of pleasant excitement.
休谟的学说是，情况不同，幸福的程度不变；情况不同，幸福的程度就不同。乞丐在阳光下的树篱下消灭跳蚤，公爵驾着战车滚过，女孩为她的第一个舞会做好准备，演说家从辩论中胜利归来，虽然手段不同，但令人愉快的兴奋程度是一样的。
This element of illusion lends all its force to hide the values of present time.
这种幻觉元素竭尽全力隐藏当今时代的价值观。
Who is he that does not always find himself doing something less than his best task? “What are you doing?” “O, nothing; I have been doing thus, or I shall do so or so, but now I am only--” Ah! poor dupe, will you never slip out of the web of the master juggler,--never learn that, as soon as the irrecoverable years have woven their blue glory between to-day and us, these passing hours shall glitter and draw us, as the wildest romance and the homes of beauty and poetry? How difficult to deal erect with them! The events they bring, their trade, entertainments, and gossip, their urgent work, all throw dust in the eyes and distract attention.
谁不总是发现自己做的事情比他最好的任务少呢？ “你在干什么？”哦，没什么；我一直在这样做，或者我会这样做，但现在我只是——”啊！可怜的骗子，你永远不会从杂技大师的罗网中溜走吗——永远不要知道，一旦不可挽回的岁月在今天和我们之间编织了蓝色的荣耀，这些逝去的时光就会闪闪发光并吸引着我们，就像最狂野的浪漫和美丽与诗歌的家园？对付他们是多么困难啊！他们带来的事件、他们的贸易、娱乐、八卦、他们紧急的工作，都让人眼花缭乱、分散注意力。
He is a strong man who can look them in the eye, see through this juggle, feel their identity, and keep his own; who can know surely that one will be like another to the end of the world, nor permit love, or death, or politics, or money, war, or pleasure, to draw him from his task.
他是一个坚强的人，可以直视他们的眼睛，看穿这种把戏，感受到他们的身份，并保持自己的身份；他能够确信，一个人到世界末日都会像另一个人一样，不会允许爱情、死亡、政治、金钱、战争或享乐使他放弃自己的任务。
The world is always equal to itself, and every man in moments of deeper thought is apprised that he is repeating the experiences of the people in the streets of Thebes or Byzantium.
世界总是平等的，每个人在深入思考的时刻都会意识到他正在重复底比斯或拜占庭街头人们的经历。
An everlasting Now reigns in nature, which hangs the same roses on our bushes which charmed the Roman and the Chaldæan in their hanging gardens.
永恒的现在统治着大自然，我们的灌木丛上悬挂着同样的玫瑰，这些玫瑰曾令罗马人和迦勒底人的空中花园着迷。
‘To what end, then,’ he asks, ‘should I study languages, and traverse countries, to learn so simple truths?’ History of ancient art, excavated cities, recovery of books and inscriptions,--yes, the works were beautiful, and the history worth knowing; and academies convene to settle the claims of the old schools.
“那么，”他问道，“我应该学习语言，穿越各个国家，学习如此简单的真理，到底是为了什么？”古代艺术的历史，出土的城市，书籍和铭文的恢复，——是的，这些作品很美丽，历史也值得了解；各学院开会解决旧学校的索赔问题。
What journeys and measurements,--Niebuhr and Müller and Layard,--to identify the plain of Troy and Nimroud town! And your homage to Dante costs you so much sailing; and to ascertain the discoverers of America needs as much voyaging as the discovery cost.
尼布尔、穆勒和莱亚德，为了识别特洛伊平原和尼姆鲁德镇，经历了多少旅程和测量！为了向但丁致敬，你花了很多时间航行；要确定美洲的发现者，需要与发现成本一样多的航行。
Poor child! that flexile clay of which these old brothers moulded their admirable symbols was not Persian, nor Memphian, nor Teutonic, nor local at all, but was common lime and silex and water, and sunlight, the heat of the blood, and the heaving of the lungs; it was that clay which thou heldest but now in thy foolish hands, and threwest away to go and seek in vain in sepulchres, mummy-pits, and old book-shops of Asia Minor, Egypt, and England.
可怜的孩子！这些老兄弟塑造他们令人钦佩的符号的柔性粘土不是波斯的，也不是孟斐斯的，也不是日耳曼的，也不是当地的，而是普通的石灰、硅树脂和水，还有阳光、血液的热量和血液的起伏。肺；这就是你现在握在愚蠢手中的泥土，然后扔掉，去小亚细亚、埃及和英国的坟墓、木乃伊坑和旧书店徒劳地寻找。
It was the deep to-day which all men scorn; the rich poverty, which men hate; the populous, all-loving solitude, which men quit for the tattle of towns.
这是当今所有人都蔑视的深渊；富贵贫穷，为人所憎恶；人口稠密、充满爱心的孤独，人们为了城镇的流言蜚语而放弃了这种孤独。
HE lurks, _he_ hides,--_he_ who is success, reality, joy, and power.
他潜伏着，他隐藏着，他就是成功、现实、欢乐和力量。
One of the illusions is that the present hour is not the critical, decisive hour.
其中一个幻想是，现在并不是关键的、决定性的时刻。
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
把它写在心里，每一天都是一年中最美好的一天。
No man has learned anything rightly, until he knows that every day is Doomsday.
没有人能正确地学到任何东西，直到他知道每一天都是世界末日。
’Tis the old secret of the gods that they come in low disguises.
这是众神的古老秘密，他们以低俗的伪装出现。
’Tis the vulgar great who come dizened with gold and jewels.
这是那些带着黄金和珠宝而来的庸俗伟人。
Real kings hide away their crowns in their wardrobes, and affect a plain and poor exterior.
真正的国王把王冠藏在衣柜里，装出朴素而简陋的外表。
In the Norse legend of our ancestors, Odin dwells in a fisher’s hut, and patches a boat.
在我们祖先的北欧传说中，奥丁住在渔民的小屋里，修补一艘船。
In the Hindoo legends, Hari dwells a peasant among peasants.
在印度传说中，哈里是农民中的一个农民。
In the Greek legend, Apollo lodges with the shepherds of Admetus; and Jove liked to rusticate among the poor Ethiopians.
在希腊传说中，阿波罗与阿德墨托斯的牧羊人住在一起。朱庇特喜欢在贫穷的埃塞俄比亚人中生活。
So, in our history, Jesus is born in a barn, and his twelve peers are fishermen.
所以，在我们的历史中，耶稣出生在谷仓里，他的十二个同伴都是渔夫。
’Tis the very principle of science that Nature shows herself best in leasts; ’twas the maxim of Aristotle and Lucretius; and, in modern times, of Swedenborg and of Hahnemann.
这正是科学的原则，大自然以最少的努力展现出最好的一面；这是亚里士多德和卢克莱修的格言；在现代，还有史威登堡和哈内曼。
The order of changes in the egg determines the age of fossil strata.
卵的变化顺序决定了化石地层的年龄。
So it was the rule of our poets, in the legends of fairy lore, that the fairies largest in power were the least in size.
因此，在仙女传说中，我们诗人的规则是，力量最大的仙女身材最小。
In the Christian graces, humility stands highest of all, in the form of the Madonna; and in life, this is the secret of the wise.
在基督教的美德中，谦卑是最高的，这体现在圣母玛利亚身上。在生活中，这就是智者的秘密。
We owe to genius always the same debt, of lifting the curtain from the common, and showing us that divinities are sitting disguised in the seeming gang of gypsies and pedlers.
我们始终对天才负有同样的责任，天才揭开了平凡的帷幕，向我们展示了神性伪装在吉普赛人和小贩的帮派中。
In daily life, what distinguishes the master is the using those materials he has, instead of looking about for what are more renowned, or what others have used well.
在日常生活中，大师的独特之处就在于使用他已有的材料，而不是去寻找更有名的东西，或者别人用得好的东西。
“A general,” said Bonaparte, “always has troops enough, if he only knows how to employ those he has, and bivouacs with them.” Do not refuse the employment which the hour brings you, for one more ambitious.
波拿巴说：“一位将军总是拥有足够的军队，只要他知道如何使用他所拥有的军队，并与他们一起露营。”不要拒绝这个时间给你带来的工作，因为你更有野心。
The highest heaven of wisdom is alike near from every point, and thou must find it, if at all, by methods native to thyself alone.
智慧的最高天堂在任何地方都一样近在咫尺，你必须通过你自己固有的方法找到它（如果有的话）。
That work is ever the more pleasant to the imagination which is not now required.
这项工作对想象力来说越来越令人愉快，但现在不再需要了。
How wistfully, when we have promised to attend the working committee, we look at the distant hills and their seductions! The use of history is to give value to the present hour and its duty.
当我们答应参加工作委员会时，我们多么渴望地看着远处的山峦和它们的诱惑！历史的利用是为了赋予当前时刻及其职责以价值。
That is good which commends to me my country, my climate, my means and materials, my associates.
这很好，它向我赞扬了我的国家、我的气候、我的手段和材料、我的同事。
I knew a man in a certain religious exaltation, who “thought it an honor to wash his own face.” He seemed to me more sane than those who hold themselves cheap.
我认识一个处于某种宗教狂热中的人，他“认为洗自己的脸是一种荣幸”。在我看来，他比那些自以为廉价的人更理智。
Zoölogists may deny that horse-hairs in the water change to worms; but I find that whatever is old corrupts, and the past turns to snakes.
动物学家可能会否认水中的马毛会变成蠕虫。但我发现凡是旧的都会腐化，过去会变成蛇。
The reverence for the deeds of our ancestors is a treacherous sentiment.
对祖先事迹的崇敬是一种背信弃义的情感。
Their merit was not to reverence the old, but to honor the present moment; and we falsely make them excuses of the very habit which they hated and defied.
他们的功绩不在于敬老，而在于尊重当下。我们错误地为他们所憎恨和反抗的习惯找借口。
Another illusion is, that there is not time enough for our work.
另一个错觉是，我们没有足够的时间工作。
Yet we might reflect that though many creatures eat from one dish, each, according to its constitution, assimilates from the elements what belongs to it, whether time, or space, or light, or water, or food.
然而我们可能会想到，虽然许多生物都吃一盘食物，但每种生物根据其构成，从属于它的元素中吸收，无论是时间、空间、光、水还是食物。
A snake converts whatever prey the meadow yields him into snake; a fox, into fox; and Peter and John are working up all existence into Peter and John.
蛇会将草地上的任何猎物转化为蛇。狐狸，变成狐狸；彼得和约翰正在将一切存在作到彼得和约翰里面。
A poor Indian chief of the Six Nations of New York made a wiser reply than any philosopher, to some one complaining that he had not enough time.
对于有人抱怨他没有足够的时间，纽约六国的一位贫穷的印第安酋长做出了比任何哲学家都明智的回答。
“Well,” said Red Jacket, “I suppose you have all there is.” A third illusion haunts us, that a long duration, as a year, a decade, a century, is valuable.
“好吧，”红夹克说，“我想你已经拥有了一切。”第三个幻想困扰着我们，即漫长的持续时间，如一年、十年、一个世纪，是有价值的。
But an old French sentence says, “God works in moments,”--“_En peu d’heure Dieu labeure_.” We ask for long life, but ’tis deep life, or grand moments, that signify.
但是一句古老的法语句子说：“上帝在瞬间起作用”——“_En peu d'heure Dieu labeure_”。我们祈求长寿，但真正有意义的是深刻的生活或伟大的时刻。
Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical.
让时间的衡量变得精神化，而不是机械化。
Life is unnecessarily long.
生命不必要地漫长。
Moments of insight, of fine personal relation, a smile, a glance,--what ample borrowers of eternity they are! Life culminates and concentrates; and Homer said, “The gods ever give to mortals their apportioned share of reason only on one day.” I am of the opinion of the poet Wordsworth, “that there is no real happiness in this life, but in intellect and virtue.” I am of the opinion of Pliny, “that, whilst we are musing on these things, we are adding to the length of our lives.” I am of the opinion of Glauco, who said, “The measure of life, O Socrates, is, with the wise, the speaking and hearing such discourses as yours.” He only can enrich me who can recommend to me the space between sun and sun.
顿悟的瞬间、良好的个人关系、一个微笑、一个眼神——它们是多么充足的永恒借用者啊！生命达到顶峰并集中；荷马说：“诸神只在某一天给予凡人他们应得的理性。”我赞同诗人华兹华斯的观点，“人生中没有真正的幸福，只有智慧和美德。”我赞同普林尼的观点：“当我们思考这些事情时，我们就在延长我们生命的长度。”我赞同格劳科的观点，他说：“苏格拉底啊，生命的衡量标准是，对于智者来说，能否说出和听到像你这样的话语。”只有能给我推荐太阳与太阳之间的空间的人才能丰富我。
’Tis the measure of a man,--his apprehension of a day.
这是一个人的尺度——他对一天的忧虑。
For we do not listen with the best regard to the verses of a man who is only a poet, nor to his problems, if he is only an algebraist; but if a man is at once acquainted with the geometric foundations of things and with their festal splendor, his poetry is exact and his arithmetic musical.
因为我们不会以最好的尊重来倾听一个诗人的诗句，也不会倾听他的问题，如果他只是一个代数学家；但如果一个人立刻熟悉事物的几何基础和它们节日的辉煌，他的诗歌就是精确的，他的算术就是音乐的。
And him I reckon the most learned scholar, not who can unearth for me the buried dynasties of Sesostris and Ptolemy, the Sothiac era, the Olympiads and consulships, but who can unfold the theory of this particular Wednesday.
我认为他是最有学问的学者，不是他能为我挖掘埋藏的塞索斯特里斯和托勒密王朝、索提亚克时代、奥林匹克运动会和执政官职位，而是他能为我揭示这个特殊星期三的理论。
Can he uncover the ligaments concealed from all but piety, which attach the dull men and things we know to the First Cause? These passing fifteen minutes, men think, are time, not eternity; are low and subaltern, are but hope or memory, that is, the way _to_ or the way _from_ welfare, but not welfare.
他能否揭开除了虔诚之外其他一切都隐藏的韧带，这些韧带将我们所知道的迟钝的人和事物与第一原因联系在一起？人们认为，这十五分钟只是时间，而不是永恒。是低贱的，是卑微的，只是希望或记忆，即通往或来自福利的道路，但不是福利。
Can he show their tie? That interpreter shall guide us from a menial and eleemosynary existence into riches and stability.
他能展示他们的领带吗？那位解释者将引导我们从卑微而平静的生活走向富裕和稳定。
He dignifies the place where he is.
他尊重他所在的地方。
This mendicant America, this curious, peering, itinerant, imitative America, studious of Greece and Rome, of England and Germany, will take off its dusty shoes, will take off its glazed traveller’s-cap, and sit at home with repose and deep joy on its face.
这个乞丐的美国，这个好奇、窥视、流动、模仿的美国，勤奋好学的希腊和罗马，英国和德国，将脱掉沾满灰尘的鞋子，脱下光滑的旅行帽，带着安宁和深深的喜悦坐在家里在它的脸上。
The world has no such landscape, the aeons of history no such hour, the future no equal second opportunity.
世界上没有这样的风景，历史上没有这样的时刻，未来没有同样的第二次机会。
Now let poets sing! now let arts unfold! One more view remains.
现在让诗人歌唱吧！现在让艺术展开吧！还剩下一种观点。
But life is good only when it is magical and musical, a perfect timing and consent, and when we do not anatomize it.
但只有当生活充满魔力和音乐性、完美的时机和同意，并且我们不去剖析它时，生活才是美好的。
You must treat the days respectfully, you must be a day yourself, and not interrogate it like a college professor.
你必须尊重日子，你必须成为你自己的日子，而不是像大学教授那样审问它。
The world is enigmatical,--everything said, and everything known or done,--and must not be taken literally, but genially.
世界是神秘的——所说的一切、已知的或所做的一切——不能按字面意思理解，而要亲切地理解。
We must be at the top of our condition to understand anything rightly.
我们必须处于最佳状态才能正确理解任何事情。
You must hear the bird’s song without attempting to render it into nouns and verbs.
你必须听到鸟儿的歌声，但不要试图将其翻译成名词和动词。
Cannot we be a little abstemious and obedient? Cannot we let the morning be? Everything in the universe goes by indirection.
我们就不能节制一点、顺从一点吗？难道我们不能让早晨过去吗？宇宙中的一切都是间接的。
There are no straight lines.
没有直线。
I remember well the foreign scholar who made a week of my youth happy by his visit.
我清楚地记得那位外国学者的来访，他的访问使我的青春度过了一周的快乐。
“The savages in the islands,” he said, “delight to play with the surf, coming in on the top of the rollers, then swimming out again, and repeat the delicious manœuvre for hours.
“岛上的野蛮人，”他说，“喜欢玩海浪，从滚滚的顶部进来，然后再次游出，并重复这个美妙的动作几个小时。
Well, human life is made up of such transits.
嗯，人类的生命就是由这样的过境组成的。
There can be no greatness without abandonment.
不放弃就不会有伟大。
But here your very astronomy is an espionage.
但在这里，你们的天文学就是间谍活动。
I dare not go out of doors and see the moon and stars, but they seem to measure my tasks, to ask how many lines or pages are finished since I saw them last.
我不敢出门看月亮和星星，但它们似乎在衡量我的任务，问我自从上次见到它们以来，完成了多少行或页数。
Not so, as I told you, was it in Belleisle.
正如我告诉过你的，贝莱尔的情况并非如此。
The days at Belleisle were all different, and only joined by a perfect love of the same object.
在 Belleisle 的日子都是不同的，只是因为对同一对象的完美热爱而结合在一起。
Just to fill the hour,--that is happiness.
只要打发时间，那就是幸福。
Fill my hour, ye gods, so that I shall not say, whilst I have done this, ‘Behold, also, an hour of my life is gone,’--but rather, ‘I have lived an hour.’” We do not want factitious men, who can do any literary or professional feat, as, to write poems, or advocate a cause, or carry a measure, for money; or turn their ability indifferently in any particular direction by the strong effort of will.
诸神啊，请填满我的时间，这样我在做这件事的时候就不会说：“看哪，我生命中的一个小时已经过去了”——而是说：“我已经活了一小时了。”我们确实如此不需要做作的人，他们可以为金钱做出任何文学或专业壮举，例如写诗，或倡导一项事业，或采取一项措施；或者通过坚强的意志努力将他们的能力无差别地转向任何特定的方向。
No, what has been best done in the world,--the works of genius,--cost nothing.
不，世界上最好的作品——天才的作品——是不需要任何成本的。
There is no painful effort, but it is the spontaneous flowing of the thought.
没有痛苦的努力，而是思想的自发流动。
Shakspeare made his Hamlet as a bird weaves its nest.
莎士比亚创作的《哈姆雷特》就像鸟儿筑巢一样。
Poems have been written between sleeping and waking, irresponsibly.
诗是在睡醒之间写成的，不负责任。
Fancy defines herself: “Forms that men spy With the half-shut eye In the beams of the setting sun, am I.” The masters painted for joy, and knew not that virtue had gone out of them.
幻想对自己的定义是：“人们半闭着眼睛在夕阳的光线中窥探的形式，就是我。”大师们欢喜作画，殊不知德已失。
They could not paint the like in cold blood.
他们不能冷酷地描绘类似的事情。
The masters of English lyric wrote their songs so.
英语抒情大师都是这样写歌的。
It was a fine efflorescence of fine powers; as was said of the letters of the Frenchwomen,--“the charming accident of their more charming existence.” Then the poet is never the poorer for his song.
这是一种美好力量的绽放；正如法国妇女的信件所说，“她们更迷人的存在是迷人的偶然。”这样，诗人的歌曲就不会变得更加贫穷。
A song is no song unless the circumstance is free and fine.
除非环境自由美好，否则歌曲就不是歌曲。
If the singer sing from a sense of duty or from seeing no way of escape, I had rather have none.
如果歌手唱歌是出于责任感，或者是因为看不到逃脱的出路，我宁愿没有出路。
Those only can sleep who do not care to sleep; and those only write or speak best who do not too much respect the writing or the speaking.
只有不想睡觉的人才能睡觉；那些只写或说得最好的人，不太尊重写作或口语。
The same rule holds in science.
同样的规则也适用于科学。
The savant is often an amateur.
专家往往是业余爱好者。
His performance is a memoir to the Academy on fish-worms, tadpoles, or spiders’ legs; he observes as other academicians observe; he is on stilts at a microscope, and,--his memoir finished and read and printed,--he retreats into his routinary existence, which is quite separate from his scientific.
他的表演是给学院的一部关于鱼虫、蝌蚪或蜘蛛腿的回忆录；他的观察与其他院士的观察一样；他在显微镜前踩着高跷，而且——他的回忆录已经完成、阅读和印刷——他退回到他的日常生活中，这与他的科学完全分离。
But in Newton, science was as easy as breathing; he used the same wit to weigh the moon that he used to buckle his shoes; and all his life was simple, wise, and majestic.
但在牛顿看来，科学就像呼吸一样简单；他用同样的智慧来衡量月亮，就像他用来扣鞋扣一样。他的一生是简单的、明智的、伟大的。
So was it in Archimedes,--always self-same, like the sky.
阿基米德也是如此——始终如一，就像天空一样。
In Linnæus, in Franklin, the like sweetness and equality,--no stilts, no tiptoe;--and their results are wholesome and memorable to all men.
在林奈，在富兰克林，同样的甜蜜和平等——没有高跷，没有踮起脚尖；——它们的结果对所有人来说都是有益的和难忘的。
In stripping time of its illusions, in seeking to find what is the heart of the day, we come to the quality of the moment, and drop the duration altogether.
在剥去时间的幻想，在寻求一天的核心是什么的过程中，我们来到了当下的质量，并完全放弃了持续时间。
It is the depth at which we live, and not at all the surface extension, that imports.
重要的是我们生活的深度，而不是表面的延伸。
We pierce to the eternity, of which time is the flitting surface; and, really, the least acceleration of thought, and the least increase of power of thought, make life to seem and to be of vast duration.
我们刺入永恒，时间是永恒的表面；事实上，思想的哪怕一点点的加速，思想的力量哪怕一点点的增强，都会使生命显得漫长而漫长。
We call it time; but when that acceleration and that deepening take effect, it acquires another and a higher name.
我们称之为时间；但当这种加速和深化发生作用时，它就会获得另一个更高的名称。
There are people who do not need much experimenting; who, after years of activity, say, we knew all this before; who love at first sight and hate at first sight; discern the affinities and repulsions; who do not care so much for conditions as others, for they are always in one condition, and enjoy themselves; who dictate to others, and are not dictated to; who in their consciousness of deserving success constantly slight the ordinary means of attaining it; who have self-existence and self-help; who are suffered to be themselves in society; who are great in the present; who have no talents, or care not to have them,--being that which was before talent, and shall be after it, and of which talent seems only a tool;--this is character, the highest name at which philosophy has arrived.
有些人不需要太多的实验；有些人不需要太多的尝试。经过多年的活动，我们以前就知道这一切；谁一见钟情，谁一见钟情；辨别亲和力和排斥力；他们不像其他人那样在乎条件，因为他们总是处于一种状态，并享受自己；向别人发号施令的人，而不是被别人发号施令的人；他们意识到自己值得成功，却不断忽视获得成功的普通手段；自存、自助的人；他们在社会中被迫做自己；谁在当下是伟大的；那些没有才干，或者不想拥有天分的人，——既在天分之前，又在天分之后，而天分似乎只是一种工具；——这就是品格，是哲学所达到的最高名称。 。
’Tis not important how the hero does this or this, but what he is.
英雄如何做这件事并不重要，重要的是他是谁。
What he is will appear in every gesture and syllable.
他的本质将体现在每一个手势和音节中。
In this way the moment and the character are one.
这样，时刻和人物就合二为一了。
’Tis a fine fable for the advantage of character over talent, the Greek legend of the strife of Jove and Phœbus.
这是一个关于性格胜过天赋的精彩寓言，这是关于朱庇特和福波斯之争的希腊传说。
Phœbus challenged the gods, and said, “Who will outshoot the far-darting Apollo?” Zeus said, “I will.” Mars shook the lots in his helmet, and that of Apollo leaped out first.
福比斯向诸神挑战说：“谁能比神箭飞得更远的阿波罗更胜一筹呢？”宙斯说：“我愿意。”马尔斯晃动了头盔里的牌，阿波罗的头盔首先跳了出来。
Apollo stretched his bow and shot his arrow into the extreme west.
阿波罗拉开弓，将箭射向极西。
Then Zeus arose, and with one stride cleared the whole distance, and said, “Where shall I shoot? there is no space left.” So the bowman’s prize was adjudged to him who drew no bow.
宙斯起身，一步跨过整个距离，说道：“我该向哪里射击呢？已经没有空间了。”因此，弓箭手的奖品被判给没有拉弓的人。
And this is the progress of every earnest mind; from the works of man and the activity of the hands to a delight in the faculties which rule them; from a respect to the works to a wise wonder at this mystic element of time in which he is conditioned; from local skills and the economy which reckons the amount of production _per_ hour to the finer economy which respects the quality of what is done, and the right we have to the work, or the fidelity with which it flows from ourselves; then to the depth of thought it betrays, looking to its universality, or, that its roots are in eternity, not in time.
这是每一个热心人的进步；从人类的工作和双手的活动到对统治它们的能力的喜悦；从对作品的尊重到对他所处的这个神秘的时间元素的明智的惊叹；从计算每小时产量的当地技能和经济，到尊重所做工作的质量、我们对工作的权利或我们对工作的忠诚度的更精细的经济；然后到它所背叛的思想深度，寻找它的普遍性，或者说，它的根源在于永恒，而不是时间。
Then it flows from character, that sublime health which values one moment as another, and makes us great in all conditions, and is the only definition we have of freedom and power.
然后，它源自品格，即崇高的健康，它珍视每一刻，使我们在任何情况下都变得伟大，这是我们对自由和权力的唯一定义。
BOOKS.
图书。
BOOKS.
图书。
It is easy to accuse books, and bad ones are easily found; and the best are but records, and not the things recorded; and certainly there is dilettanteism enough, and books that are merely neutral and do nothing for us.
指责书籍很容易，坏书也很容易被发现；最好的不过是记录，而不是记录下来的东西；当然，业余爱好已经够多了，书籍只是中立的，对我们毫无帮助。
In Plato’s “Gorgias,” Socrates says: “The shipmaster walks in a modest garb near the sea, after bringing his passengers from Ægina or from Pontus, not thinking he has done anything extraordinary, and certainly knowing that his passengers are the same, and in no respect better than when he took them on board.” So is it with books, for the most part: they work no redemption in us.
在柏拉图的《高尔吉亚篇》中，苏格拉底说：“船长从埃吉纳或本都带来乘客后，穿着朴素的服装在海边行走，并不认为自己做了什么非凡的事情，当然知道他的乘客也是一样，并且无论如何，这并不比他带他们上船时更好。”书籍也是如此，在很大程度上：它们对我们没有任何救赎作用。
The bookseller might certainly know that his customers are in no respect better for the purchase and consumption of his wares.
书商肯定知道，他的顾客购买和消费他的商品并没有得到更好的结果。
The volume is dear at a dollar, and, after reading to weariness the lettered backs, we leave the shop with a sigh, and learn, as I did, without surprise, of a surly bank director, that in bank parlors they estimate all stocks of this kind as rubbish.
这本书的价格是一美元，读完背面的字母，感到疲倦后，我们叹了口气离开了商店，并像我一样，毫无意外地从一位脾气暴躁的银行董事那里得知，在银行大厅里，他们对所有股票进行估价这种的就当垃圾吧。
But it is not less true that there are books which are of that importance in a man’s private experience, as to verify for him the fables of Cornelius Agrippa, of Michael Scott, or of the old Orpheus of Thrace,--books which take rank in our life with parents and lovers and passionate experiences, so medicinal, so stringent, so revolutionary, so authoritative,--books which are the work and the proof of faculties so comprehensive, so nearly equal to the world which they paint, that, though one shuts them with meaner ones, he feels his exclusion from them to accuse his way of living.
但同样真实的是，有些书对于一个人的私人经历来说非常重要，可以为他证实科尼利厄斯·阿格里帕、迈克尔·斯科特或色雷斯的老俄耳甫斯的寓言——这些书具有等级意义。在我们的生活中，与父母、爱人以及充满激情的经历，如此具有药用性、如此严格、如此革命性、如此权威——这些书是作品，是能力的证明，如此全面，如此接近于他们所描绘的世界，以至于，尽管有人用更卑鄙的方式将它们封闭起来，但他仍感到自己被排除在外，从而指责自己的生活方式。
Consider what you have in the smallest chosen library.
考虑一下你所选择的最小的图书馆里有什么。
A company of the wisest and wittiest men that could be picked out of all civil countries, in a thousand years, have set in best order the results of their learning and wisdom.
一千年以来，一群从所有文明国家中选出的最聪明、最机智的人，已经将他们的学识和智慧的成果整理得井井有条。
The men themselves were hid and inaccessible, solitary, impatient of interruption, fenced by etiquette; but the thought which they did not uncover to their bosom friend is here written out in transparent words to us, the strangers of another age.
这些人本身是隐藏的，难以接近，孤独，不耐烦打扰，受到礼节的围护。但他们没有向他们的挚友透露的思想，却在这里以透明的文字写给我们这些另一个时代的陌生人。
We owe to books those general benefits which come from high intellectual action.
我们将高智力活动所带来的普遍益处归功于书籍。
Thus, I think, we often owe to them the perception of immortality.
因此，我认为，我们常常把不朽的观念归功于他们。
They impart sympathetic activity to the moral power.
他们将同情活动赋予道德力量。
Go with mean people, and you think life is mean.
和卑鄙的人在一起，你就会认为生活是卑鄙的。
Then read Plutarch, and the world is a proud place, peopled with men of positive quality, with heroes and demigods standing around us, who will not let us sleep.
然后读一下普鲁塔克，世界是一个值得骄傲的地方，充满了积极品质的人，英雄和半神站在我们周围，他们不让我们睡觉。
Then, they address the imagination: only poetry inspires poetry.
然后，他们谈到了想象力：只有诗歌才能激发诗歌。
They become the organic culture of the time.
它们成为了当时的有机文化。
College education is the reading of certain books which the common sense of all scholars agrees will represent the science already accumulated.
大学教育是阅读某些书籍，所有学者的常识都认为这些书籍代表了已经积累的科学知识。
If you know that,--for instance in geometry, if you have read Euclid and Laplace,--your opinion has some value; if you do not know these, you are not entitled to give any opinion on the subject.
如果你知道这一点——例如在几何学中，如果你读过欧几里得和拉普拉斯——你的观点就有一定的价值；如果您不了解这些，您无权就该主题发表任何意见。
Whenever any sceptic or bigot claims to be heard on the questions of intellect and morals, we ask if he is familiar with the books of Plato, where all his pert objections have once for all been disposed of.
每当任何怀疑论者或偏执者声称在智力和道德问题上得到倾听时，我们都会问他是否熟悉柏拉图的著作，在那里他所有的尖刻的反对意见都被一劳永逸地解决了。
If not, he has no right to our time.
如果不是，他就没有权利享受我们的时间。
Let him go and find himself answered there.
让他走吧，然后他就会找到答案。
Meantime the colleges, whilst they provide us with libraries, furnish no professor of books; and, I think, no chair is so much wanted.
与此同时，大学虽然为我们提供了图书馆，却没有为我们提供书籍教授。而且，我认为，没有哪张椅子是那么需要的。
In a library we are surrounded by many hundreds of dear friends, but they are imprisoned by an enchanter in these paper and leathern boxes; and though they know us, and have been waiting two, ten, or twenty centuries for us,--some of them,--and are eager to give us a sign, and unbosom themselves, it is the law of their limbo that they must not speak until spoken to; and as the enchanter has dressed them, like battalions of infantry, in coat and jacket of one cut, by the thousand and ten thousand, your chance of hitting on the right one is to be computed by the arithmetical rule of Permutation and Combination,--not a choice out of three caskets, but out of half a million caskets all alike.
在图书馆里，我们周围有数百位亲爱的朋友，但他们被魔法师囚禁在这些纸和皮盒子里；尽管他们了解我们，并且已经为我们等待了两个、十个或二十个世纪——他们中的一些人——并且渴望给我们一个信号，并敞开心扉，但他们的边缘法则是，他们在被告知之前不得说话；当魔法师给他们穿上一千一万件像步兵营一样的外套和夹克时，你击中正确的那件的机会是通过排列和组合的算术规则来计算的，- -不是从三个棺材中选择，而是从五十万个棺材中选择。
But it happens in our experience, that in this lottery there are at least fifty or a hundred blanks to a prize.
但根据我们的经验，在这张彩票中，至少有五十或一百个空白可以中奖。
It seems, then, as if some charitable soul, after losing a great deal of time among the false books, and alighting upon a few true ones which made him happy and wise, would do a right act in naming those which have been bridges or ships to carry him safely over dark morasses and barren oceans, into the heart of sacred cities, into palaces and temples.
那么，似乎某个仁慈的灵魂，在虚假书籍中浪费了大量时间之后，发现了一些使他快乐和明智的真实书籍，就会做出正确的行为，命名那些曾经是桥梁或桥梁的书籍。船只载着他安全地穿越黑暗的沼泽和贫瘠的海洋，进入神圣城市的中心，进入宫殿和寺庙。
This would be best done by those great masters of books who from time to time appear,--the Fabricii, the Seldens, Magliabecchis, Scaligers, Mirandolas, Bayles, Johnsons, whose eyes sweep the whole horizon of learning.
这最好由那些不时出现的伟大书籍大师来完成，例如法布里西家族、塞尔登家族、马利亚贝奇家族、斯卡利格家族、米兰多拉斯家族、贝勒斯家族、约翰逊家族，他们的目光扫遍了整个学术视野。
But private readers, reading purely for love of the book, would serve us by leaving each the shortest note of what he found.
但纯粹出于对这本书的热爱而阅读的私人读者会为我们留下他所发现的最简短的笔记。
There are books; and it is practicable to read them, because they are so few.
有书；阅读它们是可行的，因为它们太少了。
We look over with a sigh the monumental libraries of Paris, of the Vatican, and the British Museum.
我们叹息地看着巴黎、梵蒂冈和大英博物馆的纪念图书馆。
In 1858, the number of printed books in the Imperial Library at Paris was estimated at eight hundred thousand volumes, with an annual increase of twelve thousand volumes; so that the number of printed books extant to-day may easily exceed a million.
1858年，巴黎皇家图书馆的印刷书籍数量估计为八十万册，并且每年增加一万二千册；因此，今天现存的印刷书籍数量很容易就会超过一百万本。
It is easy to count the number of pages which a diligent man can read in a day, and the number of years which human life in favorable circumstances allows to reading; and to demonstrate, that, though he should read from dawn till dark, for sixty years, he must die in the first alcoves.
一个勤奋的人一天可以读多少页书，一个人在有利的环境下可以读多少年，这是很容易计算的。并证明，尽管他从早读书到天黑，六十年，他也必须死在第一个壁龛里。
But nothing can be more deceptive than this arithmetic, where none but a natural method is really pertinent.
但没有什么比这种算术更具欺骗性了，除了自然方法之外，没有什么方法是真正相关的。
I visit occasionally the Cambridge Library, and I can seldom go there without renewing the conviction that the best of it all is already within the four walls of my study at home.
我偶尔会去剑桥图书馆，每当我去那里时，我都会再次坚信，最好的一切已经在我家书房的四墙之内。
The inspection of the catalogue brings me continually back to the few standard writers who are on every private shelf; and to these it can afford only the most slight and casual additions.
对目录的检查不断地让我回想起每个私人书架上的少数标准作家；除此之外，它只能提供最轻微和最随意的补充。
The crowds and centuries of books are only commentary and elucidation, echoes and weakeners of these few great voices of Time.
成群结队的书籍和数百年的书籍只是对时代这少数伟大声音的评论和阐释、回响和削弱。
The best rule of reading will be a method from nature, and not a mechanical one of hours and pages.
最好的阅读规则是一种来自自然的方法，而不是机械的小时和页数的方法。
It holds each student to a pursuit of his native aim, instead of a desultory miscellany.
它让每个学生追求自己的目标，而不是杂乱无章。
Let him read what is proper to him, and not waste his memory on a crowd of mediocrities.
让他读适合他的东西，不要把记忆浪费在一群平庸的人身上。
As whole nations have derived their culture from a single book,--as the Bible has been the literature as well as the religion of large portions of Europe,--as Hafiz was the eminent genius of the Persians, Confucius of the Chinese, Cervantes of the Spaniards; so, perhaps, the human mind would be a gainer, if all the secondary writers were lost,--say, in England, all but Shakspeare, Milton, and Bacon,--through the profounder study so drawn to those wonderful minds.
正如所有国家的文化都源自一本书，正如《圣经》是欧洲大部分地区的文学和宗教一样，哈菲兹是波斯人的杰出天才，中国人的孔子，塞万提斯西班牙人的；因此，如果所有的次要作家都消失了——比如说，在英国，除了莎士比亚、弥尔顿和培根之外，所有的次要作家都消失了——通过对那些奇妙的头脑如此吸引的更深刻的研究，人类的头脑也许会成为一个受益者。
With this pilot of his own genius, let the student read one, or let him read many, he will read advantageously.
有了这个天才的引导，让学生读一本，或者让他读很多本，他都会读得有利。
Dr.
博士。
Johnson said: “Whilst you stand deliberating which book your son shall read first, another boy has read both: read anything five hours a day, and you will soon be learned.” Nature is much our friend in this matter.
约翰逊说：“当你站着考虑你的儿子应该先读哪本书时，另一个男孩已经读过两本书：每天读五个小时的书，你很快就会学到东西。”在这件事上，大自然是我们的朋友。
Nature is always clarifying her water and her wine.
大自然总是在澄清她的水和酒。
No filtration can be so perfect.
没有任何过滤可以如此完美。
She does the same thing by books as by her gases and plants.
她通过书籍和她的气体和植物做了同样的事情。
There is always a selection in writers, and then a selection from the selection.
总是有作家的选择，然后是选择中的选择。
In the first place, all books that get fairly into the vital air of the world were written by the successful class, by the affirming and advancing class, who utter what tens of thousands feel though they cannot say.
首先，所有深入世界的书籍都是由成功阶级、肯定和进步阶级写的，他们说出了成千上万人虽然无法说出的感受。
There has already been a scrutiny and choice from many hundreds of young pens, before the pamphlet or political chapter which you read in a fugitive journal comes to your eye.
在你在逃亡杂志上读到的小册子或政治章节出现在你眼前之前，已经有数百名年轻笔友的审查和选择。
All these are young adventurers, who produce their performance to the wise ear of Time, who sits and weighs, and, ten years hence, out of a million of pages reprints one.
所有这些都是年轻的冒险家，他们将他们的表演呈现给时间明智的耳朵，时间坐下来权衡，十年后，在一百万页中重印其中一页。
Again it is judged, it is winnowed by all the winds of opinion, and what terrific selection has not passed on it before it can be reprinted after twenty years,--and reprinted after a century!--it is as if Minos and Rhadamanthus had indorsed the writing.
它再次被评判，被各种意见之风筛选，在二十年后重印之前，没有经过什么了不起的选择，——并且在一个世纪后重印！——就好像米诺斯和拉达曼托斯一样已认可该文字。
’Tis therefore an economy of time to read old and famed books.
因此，阅读古老的名著可以节省时间。
Nothing can be preserved which is not good; and I know beforehand that Pindar, Martial, Terence, Galen, Kepler, Galileo, Bacon, Erasmus, More, will be superior to the average intellect.
凡是不好的，都不能保存；我事先就知道，品达、马夏尔、特伦斯、盖伦、开普勒、伽利略、培根、伊拉斯谟、莫尔，将比一般人更优秀。
In contemporaries, it is not so easy to distinguish betwixt notoriety and fame.
在当代人看来，区分恶名和名声并不那么容易。
Be sure, then, to read no mean books.
那么，一定不要读低俗的书。
Shun the spawn of the press on the gossip of the hour.
避开新闻界的八卦新闻。
Do not read what you shall learn, without asking, in the street and the train.
在街上和火车上，不要在没有询问的情况下阅读你应该学到的东西。
Dr.
博士。
Johnson said, “he always went into stately shops”; and good travellers stop at the best hotels; for, though they cost more, they do not cost much more, and there is the good company and the best information.
约翰逊说，“他总是走进富丽堂皇的商店”；优秀的旅行者会停留在最好的酒店；因为，虽然它们的成本更高，但它们的成本并不高，而且有很好的公司和最好的信息。
In like manner, the scholar knows that the famed books contain, first and last, the best thoughts and facts.
同样，学者知道名著首先和最后都包含最好的思想和事实。
Now and then, by rarest luck, in some foolish Grub Street is the gem we want.
有时，运气极好，在一些愚蠢的格鲁布街上就会有我们想要的宝石。
But in the best circles is the best information.
但最好的圈子里有最好的信息。
If you should transfer the amount of your reading day by day from the newspaper to the standard authors---- But who dare speak of such a thing? The three practical rules, then, which I have to offer, are,--1.
如果你应该把每天的阅读量从报纸转移到标准作者身上——但是谁敢说这样的事呢？那么，我必须提供的三个实用规则是：--1。
Never read any book that is not a year old.
永远不要读任何一年前的书。
2
2
Never read any but famed books.
除了名著之外，从不读任何书。
3
3
Never read any but what you like; or, in Shakspeare’s phrase “No profit goes where is no pleasure ta’en: In brief, sir, study what you most affect.” Montaigne says, “Books are a languid pleasure”; but I find certain books vital and spermatic, not leaving the reader what he was: he shuts the book a richer man.
除了你喜欢的以外，从不读任何其他的书；或者，用莎士比亚的话来说，“没有乐趣，就没有利润：简而言之，先生，研究你最能影响的事情。”蒙田说：“书籍是一种慵懒的乐趣”；但我发现某些书充满活力和精髓，并没有让读者留下他本来的样子：他在书结束时成为一个更富有的人。
I would never willingly read any others than such.
除了这些之外，我绝不会愿意读其他任何书。
And I will venture, at the risk of inditing a list of old primers and grammars, to count the few books which a superficial reader must thankfully use.
我将冒险，冒着编写旧入门书和语法清单的风险，来数一下肤浅的读者必须庆幸使用的几本书。
Of the old Greek books, I think there are five which we cannot spare: 1.
在古希腊书籍中，我认为有五本是我们不能缺少的： 1.
Homer, who in spite of Pope and all the learned uproar of centuries, has really the true fire, and is good for simple minds, is the true and adequate germ of Greece, and occupies that place as history, which nothing can supply.
荷马，尽管有教皇和几个世纪以来所有博学的喧嚣，但他确实拥有真正的火焰，并且对简单的头脑有益，他是希腊真正的和充分的萌芽，并在历史中占据了无可替代的地位。
It holds through all literature, that our best history is still poetry.
贯穿所有文学，我们最好的历史仍然是诗歌。
It is so in Hebrew, in Sanskrit, and in Greek.
希伯来语、梵语和希腊语都是如此。
English history is best known through Shakspeare; how much through Merlin, Robin Hood, and the Scottish ballads!--the German, through the Nibelungenlied;--the Spanish, through the Cid.
英国历史因莎士比亚而闻名。德国人通过《尼伯龙根之歌》；西班牙人通过《熙德》。
Of Homer, George Chapman’s is the heroic translation, though the most literal prose version is the best of all.
乔治·查普曼对荷马的翻译堪称英雄，尽管最直白的散文版本才是最好的。
2
2
Herodotus, whose history contains inestimable anecdotes, which brought it with the learned into a sort of disesteem; but in these days, when it is found that what is most memorable of history is a few anecdotes, and that we need not be alarmed though we should find it not dull, it is regaining credit.
希罗多德的历史包含着难以估量的轶事，这让他和学者们都受到了某种轻视。但到了今天，当人们发现历史中最值得纪念的就是一些轶事，虽然并不乏味，但也不必惊慌，那么它就重新获得了信誉。
3
3
Æschylus, the grandest of the three tragedians, who has given us under a thin veil the first plantation of Europe.
埃斯库罗斯是三位悲剧家中最伟大的一位，他为我们揭开了欧洲第一个种植园的面纱。
The “Prometheus” is a poem of the like dignity and scope as the Book of Job, or the Norse Edda.
《普罗米修斯》是一首与《约伯记》或《挪威埃达》同等尊严和范围的诗。
4
4
Of Plato I hesitate to speak, lest there should be no end.
关于柏拉图，我犹豫是否要谈，以免没有尽头。
You find in him that which you have already found in Homer, now ripened to thought,--the poet converted to a philosopher, with loftier strains of musical wisdom than Homer reached; as if Homer were the youth, and Plato the finished man; yet with no less security of bold and perfect song, when he cares to use it, and with some harp-strings fetched from a higher heaven.
你在他身上发现了你在荷马身上已经发现的东西，现在思想已经成熟——诗人转变为哲学家，拥有比荷马所达到的更高的音乐智慧；就好像荷马是青年，柏拉图是完人一样；然而，当他想使用它时，大胆而完美的歌曲的安全感丝毫不减，并且还有一些来自更高天堂的竖琴弦。
He contains the future, as he came out of the past.
他包含着未来，因为他来自过去。
In Plato, you explore modern Europe in its causes and seed,--all that in thought, which the history of Europe embodies or has yet to embody.
在柏拉图的著作中，你可以探索现代欧洲的根源和种子——欧洲历史所体现或尚未体现的所有思想。
The well-informed man finds himself anticipated.
这位消息灵通的人发现自己受到了期待。
Plato is up with him too.
柏拉图也和他一样。
Nothing has escaped him.
没有什么能逃过他的眼睛。
Every new crop in the fertile harvest of reform, every fresh suggestion of modern humanity, is there.
改革丰收的每一个新收获，现代人类的每一个新鲜建议，都在那里。
If the student wish to see both sides, and justice done to the man of the world, pitiless exposure of pedants, and the supremacy of truth and the religious sentiment, he shall be contented also.
如果学生希望看到两面性，希望世人得到正义，无情地揭露学究，希望真理和宗教情感至上，他也应该满足了。
Why should not young men be educated on this book? It would suffice for the tuition of the race,--to test their understanding, and to express their reason.
为什么年轻人不应该接受这本书的教育呢？这足以作为比赛的学费——测试他们的理解力，并表达他们的理由。
Here is that which is so attractive to all men,--the literature of aristocracy shall I call it?--the picture of the best persons, sentiments, and manners, by the first master, in the best times,--portraits of Pericles, Alcibiades, Crito, Prodicus, Protagoras, Anaxagoras, and Socrates, with the lovely background of the Athenian and suburban landscape.
这就是对所有人如此有吸引力的东西——我可以称之为贵族文学吗？——由第一位大师在最好的时代描绘的最好的人、情感和举止——肖像伯里克利、阿尔西比德、克里托、普罗迪库斯、普罗泰戈拉、阿那克萨哥拉和苏格拉底，以雅典和郊区的风景为背景。
Or who can overestimate the images with which Plato has enriched the minds of men, and which pass like bullion in the currency of all nations? Read the “Phædo,” the “Protagoras,” the “Phædrus,” the “Timæus,” the “Republic,” and the “Apology of Socrates.” 5.
或者说，谁能高估柏拉图丰富人们思想的形象，这些形象就像金条一样在所有国家的货币中流通呢？阅读《斐多》、《普罗泰戈拉》、《斐德罗》、《蒂迈欧斯》、《理想国》和《苏格拉底的申辩》。 5.
Plutarch cannot be spared from the smallest library; first, because he is so readable, which is much; then, that he is medicinal and invigorating.
普鲁塔克也不能幸免于最小的图书馆；首先，因为他的可读性很强，这一点很重要；然后，他是药用的和滋补的。
The lives of Cimon, Lycurgus, Alexander, Demosthenes, Phocion, Marcellus, and the rest, are what history has of best.
西蒙、莱库格斯、亚历山大、德摩斯梯尼、福基翁、马塞勒斯等人的一生都是历史上最精彩的。
But this book has taken care of itself, and the opinion of the world is expressed in the innumerable cheap editions, which make it as accessible as a newspaper.
但这本书已经很好地发挥了作用，世界的观点通过无数廉价版本表达出来，这使得它像报纸一样易于阅读。
But Plutarch’s “Morals” is less known, and seldom reprinted.
但普鲁塔克的《道德》却鲜为人知，也很少重印。
Yet such a reader as I am writing to can as ill spare it as the “Lives.” He will read in it the essays “On the Dæmon of Socrates,” “On Isis and Osiris,” “On Progress in Virtue,” “On Garrulity,” “On Love,” and thank anew the art of printing, and the cheerful domain of ancient thinking.
然而，像我这样写信的读者可能会像《生命》一样不喜欢它。他将在其中读到《论苏格拉底的恶魔》、《论伊西斯和奥西里斯》、《论美德的进步》、《论喋喋不休》、《论爱情》等文章，并重新感谢印刷艺术和令人愉快的生活。古代思维的领域。
Plutarch charms by the facility of his associations; so that it signifies little where you open his book, you find yourself at the Olympian tables.
普鲁塔克因其善于联想而着迷。因此，当你打开他的书时，你会发现自己站在奥林匹斯山的桌子上，这没什么意义。
His memory is like the Isthmian Games, where all that was excellent in Greece was assembled, and you are stimulated and recruited by lyric verses, by philosophic sentiments, by the forms and behavior of heroes, by the worship of the gods, and by the passing of fillets, parsley and laurel wreaths, chariots, armor, sacred cups, and utensils of sacrifice.
他的记忆就像伊斯米亚运动会，希腊所有优秀的东西都聚集在一起，你被抒情诗句、哲学情操、英雄的形体和行为、对神的崇拜、对神的崇拜所刺激和吸引。传递鱼片、欧芹和月桂花环、战车、盔甲、圣杯和祭祀用具。
An inestimable trilogy of ancient social pictures are the three “Banquets” respectively of Plato, Xenophon, and Plutarch.
柏拉图、色诺芬、普鲁塔克的三部《宴会》是古代社会图画不可估量的三部曲。
Plutarch’s has the least approach to historical accuracy; but the meeting of the Seven Wise Masters is a charming portraiture of ancient manners and discourse, and is as clear as the voice of a fife, and entertaining as a French novel.
普鲁塔克的历史准确性最低。但七贤大师的会面却是古代礼仪和话语的迷人写照，像横笛一样清晰，像法国小说一样有趣。
Xenophon’s delineation of Athenian manners is an accessory to Plato, and supplies traits of Socrates; whilst Plato’s has merits of every kind,--being a repertory of the wisdom of the ancients on the subject of love,--a picture of a feast of wits, not less descriptive than Aristophanes,--and, lastly, containing that ironical eulogy of Socrates which is the source from which all the portraits of that philosopher current in Europe have been drawn.
色诺芬对雅典礼仪的描述是柏拉图的附属品，并提供了苏格拉底的特征；柏拉图的著作有各种优点——它是古人关于爱情的智慧的剧目——一幅智慧盛宴的图画，其描述性不亚于阿里斯托芬——最后，包含了讽刺性的内容。苏格拉底的悼词是欧洲流行的这位哲学家的所有肖像的来源。
Of course a certain outline should be obtained of Greek history, in which the important moments and persons can be rightly set down; but the shortest is the best, and if one lacks stomach for Mr.
当然，应该对希腊历史有一定的了解，其中的重要时刻和人物都可以正确地记录下来。但最短的就是最好的，如果有人对先生缺乏胃口的话。
Grote’s voluminous annals, the old slight and popular summary of Goldsmith or of Gillies will serve.
格罗特的大量编年史、戈德史密斯或吉利斯的古老而轻描淡写的通俗总结都将发挥作用。
The valuable part is the age of Pericles and the next generation.
有价值的部分是伯里克利和下一代的时代。
And here we must read the “Clouds” of Aristophanes, and what more of that master we gain appetite for, to learn our way in the streets of Athens, and to know the tyranny of Aristophanes, requiring more genius and sometimes not less cruelty than belonged to the official commanders.
在这里，我们必须阅读阿里斯托芬的《云》，我们对这位大师还有什么兴趣，在雅典的街道上学习我们的道路，了解阿里斯托芬的暴政，需要更多的天才，有时不比其他人更少的残酷属于官方指挥官。
Aristophanes is now very accessible, with much valuable commentary, through the labors of Mitchell and Cartwright.
通过米切尔和卡特赖特的努力，阿里斯托芬现在已经很容易理解，并且有很多有价值的评论。
An excellent popular book is J.
一本优秀的流行书是 J.
A.
A。
St.
英石。
John’s “Ancient Greece”; the “Life and Letters” of Niebuhr, even more than his Lectures, furnish leading views; and Winckelmann, a Greek born out of due time, has become essential to an intimate knowledge of the Attic genius.
约翰的《古希腊》；尼布尔的《生平与书信》甚至比他的讲座更能提供领先的观点；温克尔曼，一位生于适当时机的希腊人，对于深入了解这位阿提卡天才来说至关重要。
The secret of the recent histories in German and in English is the discovery, owed first to Wolff, and later to Boeckh, that the sincere Greek history of that period must be drawn from Demosthenes, especially from the business orations, and from the comic poets.
德语和英语近代历史的秘密在于，首先归功于沃尔夫，后来归功于博克，发现那个时期真诚的希腊历史必须来自德摩斯梯尼，特别是来自商业演说和喜剧诗人。 。
If we come down a little by natural steps from the master to the disciples, we have, six or seven centuries later, the Platonists,--who also cannot be skipped,--Plotinus, Porphyry, Proclus, Synesius, Jamblichus.
如果我们按照自然的步骤从大师到门徒，六七个世纪后，我们就有了柏拉图主义者——同样不能跳过的——普罗提诺、波菲利、普罗克洛斯、西尼修斯、詹布利库斯。
Of Jamblichus the Emperor Julian said, “that he was posterior to Plato in time, not in genius.” Of Plotinus, we have eulogies by Porphyry and Longinus, and the favor of the Emperor Gallienus,--indicating the respect he inspired among his contemporaries.
朱利安皇帝谈到詹布利科斯时说：“他在时间上落后于柏拉图，但在天才上却落后于柏拉图。”对于普罗提诺，我们有波菲利和朗吉努斯的颂词，以及加利努斯皇帝的青睐——这表明他在同时代人中赢得了尊重。
If any one who had read with interest the “Isis and Osiris” of Plutarch should then read a chapter called “Providence,” by Synesius, translated into English by Thomas Taylor, he will find it one of the majestic remains of literature, and, like one walking in the noblest of temples, will conceive new gratitude to his fellow-men, and a new estimate of their nobility.
如果任何一个饶有兴趣地读过普鲁塔克的《伊西斯与奥西里斯》的人应该读一下西尼修斯的《普罗维登斯》一章，由托马斯·泰勒翻译成英文，他会发现它是文学中最伟大的遗迹之一，而且，就像一个人行走在最崇高的寺庙中，会对他的同胞产生新的感激之情，并对他们的高贵产生新的评价。
The imaginative scholar will find few stimulants to his brain like these writers.
富有想象力的学者会发现很少有像这些作家那样能刺激他的大脑。
He has entered the Elysian Fields; and the grand and pleasing figures of gods and dæmons and dæmoniacal men, of the “azonic” and the “aquatic gods,” dæmons with fulgid eyes, and all the rest of the Platonic rhetoric, exalted a little under the African sun, sail before his eyes.
他已进入极乐世界；众神、恶魔和恶魔人的宏伟而令人愉悦的形象，“亚索神”和“水生神”的形象，长着明亮眼睛的恶魔，以及所有其他柏拉图式的修辞，在非洲阳光下稍显崇高，在非洲的阳光下航行他的眼睛。
The acolyte has mounted the tripod over the cave at Delphi; his heart dances, his sight is quickened.
侍僧已将三脚架安装在德尔斐的洞穴上方；他的心跳加快，视力加快。
These guides speak of the gods with such depth and with such pictorial details, as if they had been bodily present at the Olympian feasts.
这些指南以如此深刻的深度和如此细致的图画细节讲述了众神，就好像他们亲临奥林匹亚的盛宴一样。
The reader of these books makes new acquaintance with his own mind; new regions of thought are opened.
这些书的读者对自己的思想有了新的认识。新的思想领域被打开。
Jamblichus’s “Life of Pythagoras” works more directly on the will than the others; since Pythagoras was eminently a practical person, the founder of a school of ascetics and socialists, a planter of colonies, and nowise a man of abstract studies alone.
詹布利科斯的《毕达哥拉斯传》比其他著作更直接地作用于意志。因为毕达哥拉斯是一个非常讲求实际的人，是一个禁欲主义者和社会主义者学派的创始人，一个殖民地的种植者，而且绝不是一个只进行抽象研究的人。
The respectable and sometimes excellent translations of Bohn’s Library have done for literature what railroads have done for internal intercourse.
博恩图书馆令人尊敬的、有时甚至是优秀的翻译对文学的贡献，就像铁路对内部交流的贡献一样。
I do not hesitate to read all the books I have named, and all good books, in translations.
我会毫不犹豫地阅读我所命名的所有书籍以及所有好书的译本。
What is really best in any book is translatable,--any real insight or broad human sentiment.
任何书中真正最好的东西都是可翻译的——任何真正的见解或广泛的人类情感。
Nay, I observe that, in our Bible, and other books of lofty moral tone, it seems easy and inevitable to render the rhythm and music of the original into phrases of equal melody.
不仅如此，我观察到，在我们的《圣经》和其他具有崇高道德基调的书籍中，将原作的节奏和音乐呈现为同等旋律的乐句似乎是容易且不可避免的。
The Italians have a fling at translators,--_i traditori traduttori_; but I thank them.
意大利人对译者情有独钟，--_i traditori traduttori_；但我感谢他们。
I rarely read any Latin, Greek, German, Italian, sometimes not a French book in the original, which I can procure in a good version.
我很少读拉丁文、希腊文、德文、意大利文，有时也不读原版的法文书籍，我可以买到很好的版本。
I like to be beholden to the great metropolitan English speech, the sea which receives tributaries from every region under heaven.
我喜欢受惠于伟大的都市英语演讲，就像大海接收来自天下各个地区的支流。
I should as soon think of swimming across Charles River when I wish to go to Boston, as of reading all my books in originals, when I have them rendered for me in my mother-tongue.
当我想去波士顿时，我应该尽快想到游过查尔斯河，就像当我用母语为我翻译时，我应该立即阅读我所有的书的原版一样。
For history there is great choice of ways to bring the student through early Rome.
对于历史，有多种方法可以让学生了解早期罗马。
If he can read Livy, he has a good book; but one of the short English compends, some Goldsmith or Ferguson, should be used, that will place in the cycle the bright stars of Plutarch.
如果他能读李维的书，他就有一本好书；如果他能读李维的书，他就有一本好书。但是应该使用简短的英语汇编之一，一些戈德史密斯或弗格森，这将把普鲁塔克的明亮明星放在循环中。
The poet Horace is the eye of the Augustan age; Tacitus, the wisest of historians; and Martial will give him Roman manners,--and some very bad ones,--in the early days of the Empire: but Martial must be read, if read at all, in his own tongue.
诗人贺拉斯是奥古斯都时代的眼睛；塔西佗，最睿智的历史学家；马夏尔将赋予他罗马帝国早期的礼仪——以及一些非常糟糕的礼仪：但是，如果要读的话，必须用他自己的语言来阅读马夏尔。
These will bring him to Gibbon, who will take him in charge, and convey him with abundant entertainment down--with notice of all remarkable objects on the way--through fourteen hundred years of time.
这些将把他带到吉本那里，吉本将接管他，并以丰富的娱乐方式把他带下来——注意沿途所有非凡的物体——穿越一千四百年的时间。
He cannot spare Gibbon, with his vast reading,--with such wit and continuity of mind, that, though never profound, his book is one of the conveniences of civilization, like the new railroad from ocean to ocean,--and, I think, will be sure to send the reader to his “Memoirs of Himself,” and the “Extracts from my Journal,” and “Abstracts of my Readings,” which will spur the laziest scholar to emulation of his prodigious performance.
他无法饶恕吉本，因为他拥有广泛的阅读量——凭借如此的智慧和连续性，他的书虽然并不深刻，但它是文明的便利之一，就像从一个海洋到另一个海洋的新铁路一样，而且，我我想，一定会让读者读到他的《他自己的回忆录》、《我的日记摘录》和《我的阅读摘要》，这将激励最懒惰的学者效仿他的惊人表现。
Now having our idler safe down as far as the fall of Constantinople in 1453, he is in very good courses; for here are trusty hands waiting for him.
现在，我们的闲人已经安全抵达 1453 年君士坦丁堡的陷落，他的处境非常好。因为这里有值得信赖的双手在等待着他。
The cardinal facts of European history are soon learned.
欧洲历史的基本事实很快就被了解了。
There is Dante’s poem, to open the Italian Republics of the Middle Age; Dante’s “Vita Nuova,” to explain Dante and Beatrice; and Boccaccio’s “Life of Dante,”--a great man to describe a greater.
有但丁的诗，开启中世纪的意大利共和国；但丁的“Vita Nuova”，解释但丁和比阿特丽斯；薄伽丘的《但丁传》——形容更伟大的伟人。
To help us, perhaps a volume or two of M.
为了帮助我们，也许需要一两卷 M.
Sismondi’s “Italian Republics” will be as good as the entire sixteen.
西斯蒙第的《意大利共和国》将与整个十六个共和国一样好。
When we come to Michel Angelo, his Sonnets and Letters must be read, with his Life by Vasari, or, in our day, by Herman Grimm.
当我们谈到米开朗基罗时，必须阅读他的十四行诗和书信，以及瓦萨里（Vasari）的《生平》，或者在我们这个时代，阅读赫尔曼·格林（Herman Grimm）的《生平》。
For the Church, and the Feudal Institution, Mr.
对于教会和封建制度，先生。
Hallam’s “Middle Ages” will furnish, if superficial, yet readable and conceivable outlines.
哈勒姆的《中世纪》将提供虽然肤浅但可读且可想象的轮廓。
The “Life of the Emperor Charles V.,” by the useful Robertson, is still the key of the following age.
有用的罗伯逊所著的《查理五世皇帝的一生》仍然是下一个时代的关键。
Ximenes, Columbus, Loyola, Luther, Erasmus, Melanchthon, Francis I., Henry VIII., Elizabeth, and Henry IV.
希梅尼斯、哥伦布、洛约拉、路德、伊拉斯谟、梅兰希顿、弗朗西斯一世、亨利八世、伊丽莎白和亨利四世。
of France, are his contemporaries.
法国人，是他的同时代人。
It is a time of seeds and expansions, whereof our recent civilization is the fruit.
这是一个播种和扩张的时代，我们最近的文明就是其果实。
If now the relations of England to European affairs bring him to British ground, he is arrived at the very moment when modern history takes new proportions.
如果现在英国与欧洲事务的关系使他站在了英国的立场上，那么他就到达了现代历史呈现新阶段的时刻。
He can look back for the legends and mythology to the “Younger Edda” and the “Heimskringla” of Snorro Sturleson, to Mallet’s “Northern Antiquities,” to Ellis’s “Metrical Romances,” to Asser’s “Life of Alfred” and Venerable Bede, and to the researches of Sharon Turner and Palgrave.
他可以回顾斯诺罗·斯特莱森的《年轻的埃达》和《Heimskringla》的传说和神话，到马莱特的《北国古物》，到埃利斯的《格律浪漫史》，到阿瑟尔的《阿尔弗雷德的一生》和尊敬的贝德，以及莎朗·特纳和帕尔格雷夫的研究。
Hume will serve him for an intelligent guide, and in the Elizabethan era he is at the richest period of the English mind, with the chief men of action and of thought which that nation has produced, and with a pregnant future before him.
休谟将为他提供明智的指导，在伊丽莎白时代，他正处于英国思想最丰富的时期，拥有英国产生的主要行动者和思想家，并且在他面前有着美好的未来。
Here he has Shakspeare, Spenser, Sidney, Raleigh, Bacon, Chapman, Jonson, Ford, Beaumont and Fletcher, Herbert, Donne, Herrick; and Milton, Marvell, and Dryden, not long after.
这里有莎士比亚、斯宾塞、西德尼、罗利、培根、查普曼、琼森、福特、博蒙特和弗莱彻、赫伯特、多恩、赫里克；不久之后还有米尔顿、马维尔和德莱顿。
In reading history, he is to prefer the history of individuals.
在读历史时，他更喜欢个人的历史。
He will not repent the time he gives to Bacon,--not if he read the “Advancement of Learning,” the “Essays,” the “Novum Organum,” the “History of Henry VII.,” and then all the “Letters” (especially those to the Earl of Devonshire, explaining the Essex business), and all but his “Apophthegms.” The task is aided by the strong mutual light which these men shed on each other.
他不会后悔他花在培根身上的时间——如果他读了《学问的进步》、《散文集》、《新奥尔加努姆》、《亨利七世的历史》，然后所有的《书信》，他就不会后悔。 ” （特别是那些向德文郡伯爵解释埃塞克斯生意的那些），以及除了他的“格言”之外的所有内容。这些人互相给予对方强烈的共同光芒，有助于这项任务的完成。
Thus, the works of Ben Jonson are a sort of hoop to bind all these fine persons together, and to the land to which they belong.
因此，本·琼森的作品就像一个铁环，将所有这些优秀的人以及他们所属的土地束缚在一起。
He has written verses to or on all his notable contemporaries; and what with so many occasional poems, and the portrait sketches in his “Discoveries,” and the gossiping record of his opinions in his conversations with Drummond of Hawthornden, he has really illustrated the England of his time, if not to the same extent, yet much in the same way, as Walter Scott has celebrated the persons and places of Scotland.
他曾为所有同时代的著名人士写过诗句，或以他为对象。他的许多偶尔出现的诗歌，《发现》中的肖像素描，以及他与霍桑登的德拉蒙德谈话中的八卦记录，他确实描绘了他那个时代的英国，即使不是在同样的程度上，但与沃尔特·斯科特歌颂苏格兰的人物和地方的方式大致相同。
Walton, Chapman, Herrick, and Sir Henry Wotton write also to the times.
沃尔顿、查普曼、赫里克和亨利·沃顿爵士也曾为时代写信。
Among the best books are certain _Autobiographies_: as, St.
最好的书籍之一是某些_自传_：如，圣。
Augustine’s Confessions; Benvenuto Cellini’s Life; Montaigne’s Essays; Lord Herbert of Cherbury’s Memoirs; Memoirs of the Cardinal de Retz; Rousseau’s Confessions; Linnæus’s Diary; Gibbon’s, Hume’s, Franklin’s, Burns’s, Alfieri’s, Goethe’s, and Haydon’s Autobiographies.
奥古斯丁的《忏悔录》；本韦努托·切利尼的一生；蒙田的散文集；切尔伯里赫伯特勋爵的回忆录；雷茨红衣主教的回忆录；卢梭的《忏悔录》；林奈的日记；吉本、休谟、富兰克林、伯恩斯、阿尔菲里、歌德和海顿的自传。
Another class of books closely allied to these, and of like interest, are those which may be called _Table-Talks_: of which the best are Saadi’s Gulistan; Luther’s Table-Talk; Aubrey’s Lives; Spence’s Anecdotes; Selden’s Table-Talk; Boswell’s Life of Johnson; Eckermann’s Conversations with Goethe; Coleridge’s Table-Talk; and Hazlitt’s Life of Northcote.
另一类与这些密切相关且具有相同兴趣的书籍是那些可称为“桌边谈话”的书籍：其中最好的是萨阿迪的《古丽斯坦》；路德的餐桌谈话；奥布里的生活；斯宾塞的轶事；塞尔登的餐桌谈话；博斯韦尔的《约翰逊传》；埃克曼与歌德的对话；柯勒律治的餐桌谈话；和哈兹利特的《诺斯科特的一生》。
There is a class whose value I should designate as _Favorites_: such as Froissart’s Chronicles; Southey’s Chronicle of the Cid; Cervantes; Sully’s Memoirs; Rabelais; Montaigne; Izaak Walton; Evelyn; Sir Thomas Browne; Aubrey; Sterne; Horace Walpole; Lord Clarendon; Doctor Johnson; Burke, shedding floods of light on his times; Lamb; Landor; and De Quincey;--a list, of course, that may easily be swelled, as dependent on individual caprice.
有一个类别的值我应该指定为_Favorites_：例如Froissart的编年史；骚塞的《熙德编年史》；塞万提斯；苏利的回忆录；拉伯雷；蒙田；艾萨克·沃尔顿；伊芙琳；托马斯·布朗爵士；奥布里；斯特恩；霍勒斯·沃波尔；克拉伦登勋爵；约翰逊医生；伯克（Burke）为他的时代带来了大量的光明；羊肉;朗涛；和德昆西；——当然，这个名单很容易被扩大，因为取决于个人的反复无常。
Many men are as tender and irritable as lovers in reference to these predilections.
对于这些偏好，许多男人就像恋人一样温柔又易怒。
Indeed, a man’s library is a sort of harem, and I observe that tender readers have a great pudency in showing their books to a stranger.
事实上，男人的图书馆就像是后宫，我发现温柔的读者在向陌生人展示自己的书时会非常厚颜无耻。
The annals of bibliography afford many examples of the delirious extent to which book-fancying can go, when the legitimate delight in a book is transferred to a rare edition or to a manuscript.
参考书目史册提供了许多例子，说明当对一本书的合法兴趣转移到稀有版本或手稿时，对书籍的迷恋可以达到疯狂的程度。
This mania reached its height about the beginning of the present century.
这种狂热在本世纪初达到了顶峰。
For an autograph of Shakspeare one hundred and fifty-five guineas were given.
为了获得莎士比亚的亲笔签名，人们付出了一百五十五基尼。
In May, 1812, the library of the Duke of Roxburgh was sold.
1812 年 5 月，罗克斯堡公爵的图书馆被出售。
The sale lasted forty-two days,--we abridge the story from Dibdin,--and among the many curiosities was a copy of Boccaccio published by Valdarfer, at Venice, in 1471; the only perfect copy of this edition.
这次拍卖持续了四十二天——我们从迪布丁那里删节了这个故事——在众多珍奇物品中，有一本由瓦尔达弗于 1471 年在威尼斯出版的薄伽丘 (Boccaccio) 的副本；该版本唯一完美的副本。
Among the distinguished company which attended the sale were the Duke of Devonshire, Earl Spencer, and the Duke of Marlborough, then Marquis of Blandford.
出席拍卖会的杰出人士包括德文郡公爵、斯宾塞伯爵和马尔伯勒公爵（当时的布兰福德侯爵）。
The bid stood at five hundred guineas.
出价为五百基尼。
“A thousand guineas,” said Earl Spencer: “And ten,” added the Marquis.
“一千畿尼，”斯宾塞伯爵说，“还有十个，”侯爵补充道。
You might hear a pin drop.
您可能会听到一根针掉落的声音。
All eyes were bent on the bidders.
所有的目光都集中在竞标者身上。
Now they talked apart, now ate a biscuit, now made a bet, but without the least thought of yielding one to the other.
他们时而交谈，时而吃一块饼干，时而打赌，但丝毫没有想过让一个给另一个。
But to pass over some details,--the contest proceeded until the Marquis said, “Two thousand pounds.” The Earl Spencer bethought him like a prudent general of useless bloodshed and waste of powder, and had paused a quarter of a minute, when Lord Althorp with long steps came to his side, as if to bring his father a fresh lance to renew the fight.
但忽略一些细节，——比赛一直进行到侯爵说：“两千英镑。”斯宾塞伯爵认为他是一位谨慎的将军，无益地流血和浪费火药，他停顿了一刻钟，这时奥尔索普勋爵迈着大步走到他身边，仿佛要给他父亲带来一根新的长矛，以重新开始战斗。 。
Father and son whispered together, and Earl Spencer exclaimed, “Two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds!” An electric shock went through the assembly.
父子俩窃窃私语，斯宾塞伯爵惊呼道：“两千二百五十英镑！”装配过程中发生了触电事故。
“And ten,” quietly added the Marquis.
“还有十个。”侯爵轻声补充道。
There ended the strife.
冲突就此结束。
Ere Evans let the hammer fall, he paused; the ivory instrument swept the air; the spectators stood dumb, when the hammer fell.
埃文斯还没等锤子落下，他就停了下来。象牙乐器扫过空气；当锤子落下时，观众们呆呆地站着。
The stroke of its fall sounded on the farthest shores of Italy.
它坠落的声音在意大利最遥远的海岸上响起。
The tap of that hammer was heard in the libraries of Rome, Milan, and Venice.
罗马、米兰和威尼斯的图书馆都能听到那把锤子的敲击声。
Boccaccio stirred in his sleep of five hundred years, and M.
薄伽丘在五百年的沉睡中苏醒了，M.
Van Praet groped in vain among the royal alcoves in Paris, to detect a copy of the famed Valdarfer Boccaccio.
范·普拉特（Van Praet）在巴黎的皇家壁龛中摸索，试图找到著名的瓦尔达夫·薄伽丘（Valdarfer Boccaccio）的复制品，但徒劳无功。
Another class I distinguish by the term _Vocabularies_.
我用术语_词汇_来区分另一类。
Burton’s “Anatomy of Melancholy” is a book of great learning.
伯顿的《忧郁剖析》是一本很有学问的书。
To read it is like reading in a dictionary.
阅读它就像阅读字典一样。
’Tis an inventory to remind us how many classes and species of facts exist, and, in observing into what strange and multiplex by-ways learning has strayed, to infer our opulence.
这是一个清单，提醒我们存在多少类别和种类的事实，并通过观察学习所迷失的奇怪和多重途径，来推断我们的富裕程度。
Neither is a dictionary a bad book to read.
字典也不是一本不好读的书。
There is no cant in Germans, it, no excess of explanation, and it is full of suggestion,--the raw material of possible poems and histories.
德国人没有黑话，没有多余的解释，而且充满了暗示——可能的诗歌和历史的原材料。
Nothing is wanting but a little shuffling, sorting, ligature, and cartilage.
除了一点点洗牌、排序、结扎和软骨之外，什么都不缺。
Out of a hundred examples, Cornelius Agrippa “On the Vanity of Arts and Sciences” is a specimen of that scribatiousness which grew to be the habit of the gluttonous readers of his time.
在一百个例子中，科尼利厄斯·阿格里帕的《论艺术与科学的虚荣》是那种抄写的典范，这种抄写已成为他那个时代贪婪读者的习惯。
Like the modern they read a literature while other mortals read a few books.
就像现代人一样，他们阅读文学作品，而其他凡人则阅读几本书。
They read voraciously, and must disburden themselves; so they take any general topic, as, Melancholy, or Praise of Science, or Praise of Folly, and write and quote without method or end.
他们如饥似渴地读书，必须减轻自己的负担；因此，他们选择任何一般性的话题，比如《忧郁》、《科学礼赞》、《愚蠢礼赞》，然后毫无方法、毫无结尾地写作和引用。
Now and then out of that affluence of their learning comes a fine sentence from Theophrastus, or Seneca, or Boëthius, but no high method, no inspiring efflux.
泰奥弗拉斯托斯（Theophrastus）、塞内卡（Seneca）或博埃蒂乌斯（Boëthius）时不时地从他们丰富的学识中说出优美的句子，但没有高深的方法，也没有鼓舞人心的灵感。
But one cannot afford to read for a few sentences; they are good only as strings of suggestive words.
但一个人不能只读几句话；它们只是作为一串暗示性的词语才有效。
There is another class, more needful to the present age, because the currents of custom run now in another direction, and leave us dry on this side;--I mean the _Imaginative_.
还有另一类，对当今时代来说更需要，因为现在习俗的潮流朝另一个方向流动，使我们在这一边干涸；--我指的是_想象力_。
A right metaphysics should do justice to the co-ordinate powers of Imagination, Insight, Understanding, and Will.
正确的形而上学应该公正地对待想象力、洞察力、理解力和意志的协调能力。
Poetry, with its aids of Mythology and Romance, must be well allowed for an imaginative creature.
借助神话和浪漫的诗歌，必须充分允许富有想象力的生物。
Men are ever lapsing into a beggarly habit, wherein everything that is not ciphering, that is, which does not serve the tyrannical animal, is hustled out of sight.
人们总是陷入一种乞讨的习惯，凡是不能被加密的东西，即那些不能为暴虐的动物服务的东西，都被赶出视线。
Our orators and writers are of the same poverty, and, in this rag-fair, neither the Imagination, the great awakening power, nor the Morals, creative of genius and of men, are addressed.
我们的演说家和作家同样贫困，在这场旧货博览会上，无论是想象力这一伟大的觉醒力量，还是道德，天才和人类的创造力，都没有得到解决。
But though orator and poet be of this hunger party, the capacities remain.
但是，尽管演说家和诗人都属于这个饥饿派对，但能力仍然存在。
We must have symbols.
我们必须有符号。
The child asks you for a story, and is thankful for the poorest.
孩子向你要一个故事，并对最贫穷的人表示感谢。
It is not poor to him, but radiant with meaning.
对他来说，这并不贫穷，而是充满意义。
The man asks for a novel,--that is, asks leave for a few hours to be a poet, and to paint things as they ought to be.
这个人要求写一本小说，也就是说，请假几个小时去当诗人，把事物描绘成应有的样子。
The youth asks for a poem.
少年求一首诗。
The very dunces wish to go to the theatre.
那些笨蛋都想去剧院。
What private heavens can we not open, by yielding to all the suggestion of rich music! We must have idolatries, mythologies,--some swing and verge for the creative power lying coiled and cramped here, driving ardent natures to insanity and crime if it do not find vent.
通过屈服于丰富音乐的所有建议，我们不能打开什么私人天堂！我们一定有偶像崇拜、神话——一些盘绕和狭窄的创造力的摇摆和边缘，如果找不到发泄的地方，就会驱使狂热的本性走向疯狂和犯罪。
Without the great arts which speak to the sense of beauty, a man seems to me a poor, naked, shivering creature.
如果没有体现美感的伟大艺术，一个人在我看来就是一个可怜的、赤裸的、瑟瑟发抖的生物。
These are his becoming draperies, which warm and adorn him.
这些是他的衣服，温暖并装饰着他。
Whilst the prudential and economical tone of society starves the imagination, affronted Nature gets such indemnity as she may.
虽然社会的审慎和节约的基调缺乏想象力，但受到冒犯的大自然却得到了尽可能的赔偿。
The novel is that allowance and frolic the imagination finds.
小说是想象力所能找到的宽容和嬉戏。
Everything else pins it down, and men flee for redress to Byron, Scott, Disraeli, Dumas, Sand, Balzac, Dickens, Thackeray, and Reade.
其他一切都将其固定下来，人们纷纷逃往拜伦、斯科特、迪斯雷利、大仲马、桑德、巴尔扎克、狄更斯、萨克雷和里德那里寻求赔偿。
Their education is neglected; but the circulating-library and the theatre, as well as the trout-fishing, the Notch Mountains, the Adirondack country, the tour to Mont Blanc, to the White Hills, and the Ghauts, make such amends as they can.
他们的教育被忽视；但流通图书馆和剧院，以及钓鳟鱼、诺奇山脉、阿迪朗达克乡村、勃朗峰、怀特山和高特山脉之旅，都尽其所能地做出了弥补。
The imagination infuses a certain volatility and intoxication.
想象力注入了一定的波动性和陶醉性。
It has a flute which sets the atoms of our frame in a dance, like planets; and, once so liberated, the whole man reeling drunk to the music, they never quite subside to their old stony state.
它有一个笛子，可以让我们的原子像行星一样跳舞；而且，一旦获得如此的解放，整个人就会随着音乐而陶醉，他们再也不会完全恢复到原来的僵硬状态。
But what is the imagination? Only an arm or weapon of the interior energy; only the precursor of the reason.
但想象力是什么？只是内能的手臂或武器；只是原因的前兆。
And books that treat the old pedantries of the world, our times, places, professions, customs, opinions, histories, with a certain freedom, and distribute things, not after the usages of America and Europe, but after the laws of right reason, and with as daring a freedom as we use in dreams, put us on our feet again, enable us to form an original judgment of our duties, and suggest new thoughts for to-morrow.
还有那些以一定的自由度对待世界、我们的时代、地点、职业、习俗、观点、历史的古老迂腐的书籍，它们的分发不是按照美国和欧洲的惯例，而是按照正确理性的法则，并以我们在梦想中使用的大胆自由，让我们重新站起来，使我们能够对我们的职责形成独到的判断，并为明天提出新的想法。
“Lucrezia Floriani,” “Le Péché de M.
“卢克雷齐亚·弗洛里亚尼”，“Le Péché de M.
Antoine,” “Jeanne,” and “Consuelo,” of George Sand, are great steps from the novel of one termination, which we all read twenty years ago.
乔治·桑的《安托万》、《珍妮》和《康苏埃洛》，都是我们二十年前读过的《一次终结》小说的一大进步。
Yet how far off from life and manners and motives the novel still is! Life lies about us dumb; the day, as we know it, has not yet found a tongue.
然而，小说与生活、礼仪和动机仍然相去甚远！生活对我们来说是愚蠢的；据我们所知，这一天还没有找到舌头。
These stories are to the plots of real life what the figures in “La Belle Assemblée,” which represent the fashion of the month, are to portraits.
这些故事之于现实生活的情节，就像代表当月时尚的《美女集结》中的人物之于肖像。
But the novel will find the way to our interiors one day, and will not always be the novel of costume merely.
但有一天，这部小说将会进入我们的室内设计，而不仅仅是一部服装小说。
I do not think it inoperative now.
我不认为它现在不起作用。
So much novel-reading cannot leave the young men and maidens untouched; and doubtless it gives some ideal dignity to the day.
小说看多了，也不能让少男少女不受影响；毫无疑问，它给今天带来了一些理想的尊严。
The young study noble behavior; and as the player in “Consuelo” insists that he and his colleagues on the boards have taught princes the fine etiquette and strokes of grace and dignity which they practise with so much effect in their villas and among their dependents, so I often see traces of the Scotch or the French novel in the courtesy and brilliancy of young midshipmen, collegians, and clerks.
青少年学习高尚的行为；正如《Consuelo》中的玩家坚称，他和他在棋盘上的同事们已经教会了王子们良好的礼仪以及优雅和尊严的笔触，他们在他们的别墅和他们的家属中实践了这些，并产生了巨大的影响，所以我经常看到苏格兰或法国小说中年轻见习官、大学生和职员的礼貌和才华。
Indeed, when one observes how ill and ugly people make their loves and quarrels, ’tis pity they should not read novels a little more, to import the fine generosities, and the clear, firm conduct, which are as becoming in the unions and separations which love effects under shingle roofs as in palaces and among illustrious personages.
的确，当人们看到病态丑陋的人如何进行爱情和争吵时，遗憾的是他们不应该多读一点小说，以引入在结合和分离中同样恰当的优良慷慨和明确、坚定的行为。他们喜欢木瓦屋顶下的宫殿和杰出人物之间的效果。
In novels the most serious questions are beginning to be discussed.
小说中开始讨论最严肃的问题。
What made the popularity of “Jane Eyre,” but that a central question was answered in some sort? The question there answered in regard to a vicious marriage will always be treated according to the habit of the party.
是什么让《简·爱》如此受欢迎，而不是在某种程度上回答了一个核心问题？那里回答的关于恶性婚姻的问题总是按照当事人的习惯来对待。
A person of commanding individualism will answer it as Rochester does,--as Cleopatra, as Milton, as George Sand do,--magnifying the exception into a rule, dwarfing the world into an exception.
一个崇尚个人主义的人会像罗切斯特那样回答这个问题——就像克利奥帕特拉、弥尔顿、乔治·桑那样——将例外放大为规则，将世界矮化为例外。
A person of less courage, that is, of less constitution, will answer as the heroine does,--giving way to fate, to conventionalism, to the actual state and doings of men and women.
一个缺乏勇气的人，也就是说，一个体质较差的人，会像女主人公那样回答——屈服于命运，屈服于传统主义，屈服于男人和女人的实际状况和行为。
For the most part, our novel-reading is a passion for results.
在很大程度上，我们阅读小说是出于对结果的热情。
We admire parks, and high-born beauties, and the homage of drawing-rooms, and parliaments.
我们欣赏公园、出身高贵的美女、对客厅和议会的敬意。
They make us sceptical, by giving prominence to wealth and social position.
他们强调财富和社会地位，让我们产生怀疑。
I remember when some peering eyes of boys discovered that the oranges hanging on the boughs of an orange-tree in a gay piazza were tied to the twigs by thread.
我记得当一些男孩的目光凝视时，他们发现在一个快乐的广场上，橘子树树枝上挂着的橘子是用线绑在树枝上的。
I fear ’tis so with the novelist’s prosperities.
我担心小说家的繁荣也是如此。
Nature has a magic by which she fits the man to his fortunes, by making them the fruit of his character.
大自然有一种魔力，她可以使人适应他的命运，使它们成为他性格的果实。
But the novelist plucks this event here, and that fortune there, and ties them rashly to his figures, to tickle the fancy of his readers with a cloying success, or scare them with shocks of tragedy.
但小说家在这里选取了这个事件，在那里选取了那个财富，并轻率地把它们与他的人物联系起来，用令人厌烦的成功来满足读者的幻想，或者用悲剧的震撼来吓唬他们。
And so, on the whole, ’tis a juggle.
所以，总的来说，这是一个杂耍。
We are cheated into laughter or wonder by feats which only oddly combine acts that we do every day.
我们被那些与我们每天所做的行为奇怪地结合在一起的壮举所欺骗，让我们大笑或惊叹。
There is no new element, no power, no furtherance.
没有新的元素，没有力量，没有推进。
’Tis only confectionery, not the raising of new corn.
这只是糖果，而不是新玉米的种植。
Great is the poverty of their inventions.
他们的发明极其贫乏。
_She was beautiful, and he fell in love._ Money, and killing, and the Wandering Jew, and persuading the lover that his mistress is betrothed to another,--these are the main-springs: new names, but no new qualities in the men and women.
_她很漂亮，他坠入爱河。_金钱、杀戮、流浪的犹太人、说服情人他的情妇已与另一个人订婚——这些是主要的源泉：新的名字，但没有新的品质男人和女人。
Hence the vain endeavor to keep any bit of this fairy gold, which has rolled like a brook through our hands.
因此，我们徒劳地试图保留任何一点仙金，它像小溪一样从我们手中流过。
A thousand thoughts awoke; great rainbows seemed to span the sky,--a morning among the mountains;--but we close the book, and not a ray remains in the memory of evening.
一千个念头苏醒；巨大的彩虹似乎划过天空——群山间的早晨；——但我们合上书，傍晚的记忆中却没有留下任何痕迹。
But this passion for romance, and this disappointment, show how much we need real elevations and pure poetry: that which shall show us, in morning and night, in stars and mountains, and in all the plight and circumstance of men, the analogons of our own thoughts, and a like impression made by a just book and by the face of Nature.
但这种对浪漫的热情，以及这种失望，表明我们多么需要真正的高度和纯粹的诗歌：它将向我们展示，在早晨和夜晚，在星星和山脉中，在人类的所有困境和环境中，我们自己的想法，以及一本公正的书和自然的面貌所造成的类似印象。
If our times are sterile in genius, we must cheer us with books of rich and believing men who had atmosphere and amplitude about them.
如果我们的时代缺乏天才，我们就必须用充满氛围和活力的富有而有信仰的人的书籍来为我们加油。
Every good fable, every mythology, every biography from a religious age, every passage of love, and even philosophy and science, when they proceed from an intellectual integrity, and are not detached and critical, have the imaginative element.
每一个美好的寓言，每一个神话，每一个宗教时代的传记，每一段爱情，甚至哲学和科学，当它们从理智的完整性出发，并且不超然和批判时，都具有想象力的元素。
The Greek fables, the Persian history (Firdusi), the “Younger Edda” of the Scandinavians, the “Chronicle of the Cid,” the poem of Dante, the Sonnets of Michel Angelo, the English drama of Shakspeare, Beaumont and Fletcher, and Ford, and even the prose of Bacon and Milton,--in our time, the Ode of Wordsworth, and the poems and the prose of Goethe, have this enlargement, and inspire hope and generous attempts.
希腊寓言、波斯历史（菲尔杜西）、斯堪的纳维亚人的《年轻的埃达》、《熙德编年史》、但丁的诗、米开朗基罗的十四行诗、莎士比亚、博蒙特和弗莱彻的英国戏剧，以及福特，甚至培根和弥尔顿的散文——在我们这个时代，华兹华斯的颂歌，以及歌德的诗歌和散文，都有这种扩展，并激发希望和慷慨的尝试。
There is no room left,--and yet I might as well not have begun as to leave out a class of books which are the best: I mean the Bibles of the world, or the sacred books of each nation, which express for each the supreme result of their experience.
已经没有空间了，——但我还不如不开始遗漏一类最好的书：我指的是世界上的圣经，或者每个国家的神圣书籍，它们表达了每个人的观点。他们的经验的最高结果。
After the Hebrew and Greek Scriptures, which constitute the sacred books of Christendom, these are, the Desatir of the Persians, and the Zoroastrian Oracles; the Vedas and Laws of Menu; the Upanishads, the Vishnu Purana, the Bhagvat Geeta, of the Hindoos; the books of the Buddhists; the “Chinese Classic,” of four books, containing the wisdom of Confucius and Mencius.
在构成基督教世界圣书的希伯来语和希腊语圣经之后，这些是波斯人的《德萨提尔》和琐罗亚斯德教的神谕；吠陀经和菜单法则；印度教的《奥义书》、《毗湿奴往世书》、《薄伽梵歌》；佛教徒的书籍； 《中国经典》四书，蕴含孔孟智慧。
Also such other books as have acquired a semi-canonical authority in the world, as expressing the highest sentiment and hope of nations.
还有其他书籍在世界上获得了半权威，表达了各国的最高情感和希望。
Such are the “Hermes Trismegistus,” pretending to be Egyptian remains; the “Sentences” of Epictetus; of Marcus Antoninus; the “Vishnu Sarma” of the Hindoos; the “Gulistan” of Saadi; the “Imitation of Christ,” of Thomas à Kempis; and the “Thoughts” of Pascal.
这就是“赫耳墨斯·特里斯墨吉斯托斯”（Hermes Trismegistus），假装是埃及的遗骸；爱比克泰德的“句子”；马库斯·安东尼努斯；印度人的“Vishnu Sarma”；萨阿迪的“古丽斯坦”；托马斯·肯皮斯的“效法基督”；以及帕斯卡的“思想”。
All these books are the majestic expressions of the universal conscience, and are more to our daily purpose than this year’s almanac or this day’s newspaper.
所有这些书都是普遍良知的庄严表达，比今年的年鉴或今天的报纸更符合我们的日常目的。
But they are for the closet, and to be read on the bended knee.
但它们是放在衣柜里的，是要跪着读的。
Their communications are not to be given or taken with the lips and the end of the tongue, but out of the glow of the cheek, and with the throbbing heart.
他们的交流不是通过嘴唇和舌尖来进行或进行的，而是通过脸颊的光芒和跳动的心来进行的。
Friendship should give and take, solitude and time brood and ripen, heroes absorb and enact them.
友谊应该给予和索取，孤独和时间孕育并成熟，英雄吸收并发挥它们。
They are not to be held by letters printed on a page, but are living characters translatable into every tongue and form of life.
它们不是印在纸上的字母，而是活生生的字符，可以翻译成各种语言和生命形式。
I read them on lichens and bark; I watch them on waves on the beach; they fly in birds, they creep in worms; I detect them in laughter and blushes and eye-sparkles of men and women.
我在地衣和树皮上读到它们；我在海滩上看着他们在波浪中；它们以鸟的形式飞翔，以虫的形式爬行；我从男人和女人的笑声、脸红和眼睛的闪光中发现了它们。
These are Scriptures which the missionary might well carry over prairie, desert, and ocean, to Siberia, Japan, Timbuctoo.
传教士很可能将这些经文带到草原、沙漠和海洋，带到西伯利亚、日本、廷巴克图。
Yet he will find that the spirit which is in them journeys faster than he, and greets him on his arrival,--was there already long before him.
然而他会发现，他们内心的灵魂比他走得更快，并在他到来时迎接他——在他之前很久就已经在那里了。
The missionary must be carried by it, and find it there, or he goes in vain.
传教士必须被它携带，并在那里找到它，否则他就徒劳无功。
Is there any geography in these things? We call them Asiatic, we call them primeval; but perhaps that is only optical; for Nature is always equal to herself, and there are as good eyes and ears now in the planet as ever were.
这些东西有地理成分吗？我们称他们为亚洲人，我们称他们为原始人；但这也许只是光学上的；因为自然总是与她自己平等，现在这个星球上和以前一样有良好的眼睛和耳朵。
Only these ejaculations of the soul are uttered one or a few at a time, at long intervals, and it takes millenniums to make a Bible.
只有这些灵魂的射精，一次或几次地发出，间隔很长，而制作一本《圣经》需要数千年的时间。
These are a few of the books which the old and the later times have yielded us, which will reward the time spent on them.
这些是古代和后来为我们提供的几本书，花在这些书上的时间将会得到回报。
In comparing the number of good books with the shortness of life, many might well be read by proxy, if we had good proxies; and it would be well for sincere young men to borrow a hint from the French Institute and the British Association, and, as they divide the whole body into sections, each of which sits upon and reports of certain matters confided to it, so let each scholar associate himself to such persons as he can rely on, in a literary club, in which each shall undertake a single work or series for which he is qualified.
将好书的数量与生命的短暂进行比较时，如果我们有好的代理人，很多书很可能是通过代理人来阅读的。对于真诚的年轻人来说，最好借用法国协会和英国协会的提示，因为他们将整个机构分为几个部分，每个部分都坐在上面并报告向其透露的某些事项，所以让每个人学者将自己与他可以信赖的人联合起来，加入一个文学俱乐部，每个人都应从事他有资格的一部作品或系列作品。
For example, how attractive is the whole literature of the “Roman de la Rose,” the “Fabliaux,” and the _gaie science_ of the French Troubadours! Yet who in Boston has time for that? But one of our company shall undertake it, shall study and master it, and shall report on it, as under oath; shall give us the sincere result, as it lies in his mind, adding nothing, keeping nothing back.
例如，《玫瑰传奇》、《神话》和法国游吟诗人的_gaie science_的整个文学是多么有吸引力！但波士顿谁有时间这么做呢？但我们公司的一名成员应承担这项工作，研究并掌握它，并据此作出报告，正如宣誓的那样；会给我们带来真诚的结果，就像他心中的想法一样，不添加任何东西，也不保留任何东西。
Another member, meantime, shall as honestly search, sift, and as truly report, on British mythology, the Round Table, the histories of Brut, Merlin, and Welsh poetry; a third on the Saxon Chronicles, Robert of Gloucester, and William of Malmesbury; a fourth, on Mysteries, Early Drama, “Gesta Romanorum,” Collier, and Dyce, and the Camden Society.
与此同时，另一名成员将诚实地搜索、筛选和真实地报告英国神话、圆桌会议、布鲁特、梅林和威尔士诗歌的历史；第三部分是关于《撒克逊编年史》、格洛斯特的罗伯特和马姆斯伯里的威廉；第四个是关于悬疑剧、早期戏剧、“Gesta Romanorum”、科利尔和戴斯以及卡姆登协会。
Each shall give us his grains of gold, after the washing; and every other shall then decide whether this is a book indispensable to him also.
清洗后，每个人都会给我们他的金粒；然后，其他人将决定这本书对他来说是否也是必不可少的。
CLUBS.
俱乐部。
CLUBS.
俱乐部。
We are delicate machines, and require nice treatment to get from us the maximum of power and pleasure.
我们是精致的机器，需要良好的对待才能从我们身上获得最大的力量和快乐。
We need tonics, but must have those that cost little or no reaction.
我们需要补品，但必须有那些花费很少或没有反应的药物。
The flame of life burns too fast in pure oxygen, and nature has tempered the air with nitrogen.
生命之火在纯氧中燃烧得太快，大自然用氮气调和了空气。
So thought is the native air of the mind, yet pure it is a poison to our mixed constitution, and soon burns up the bone-house of man, unless tempered with affection and coarse practice in the material world.
因此，思想是心灵的原生空气，但纯粹的思想却是我们混合体质的毒药，很快就会烧毁人类的骨骼，除非在物质世界中用情感和粗俗的实践来调和。
Varied foods, climates, beautiful objects,--and especially the alternation of a large variety of objects--are the necessity of this exigent system of ours.
不同的食物、气候、美丽的物体——尤其是种类繁多的物体的交替——是我们这个严格系统的必要条件。
But our tonics, our luxuries, are force-pumps which exhaust the strength they pretend to supply; and of all the cordials known to us, the best, safest, and most exhilarating, with the least harm, is society; and every healthy and efficient mind passes a large part of life in the company most easy to him.
但我们的滋补品、我们的奢侈品，都是力量泵，会耗尽它们假装提供的力量。在我们所知道的所有甜酒中，最好、最安全、最令人兴奋、伤害最小的就是社会。每一个健康、高效的头脑在公司里度过了他最轻松的生活的很大一部分。
We seek society with very different aims, and the staple of conversation is widely unlike in its circles.
我们寻求的社会有着截然不同的目标，而且谈话的主要内容也与所在圈子大不相同。
Sometimes it is facts,--running from those of daily necessity to the last results of science,--and has all degrees of importance; sometimes it is love, and makes the balm of our early and of our latest days; sometimes it is thought, as from a person who is a mind only; sometimes a singing, as if the heart poured out all like a bird; sometimes experience.
有时它是事实——从日常必需品到科学的最后结果——并且具有各种程度的重要性；有时它是爱，它使我们早年和晚年的日子变得香甜可口。有时它被认为是来自一个人的思想；有时一声歌唱，仿佛心如鸟儿般倾诉；有时会经历。
With some men it is a debate; at the approach of a dispute they neigh like horses.
对于一些人来说，这是一场争论；对于一些人来说，这是一场争论。当争端临近时，他们会像马一样嘶鸣。
Unless there be an argument, they think nothing is doing.
除非有争论，否则他们认为什么也没做。
Some talkers excel in the precision with which they formulate their thoughts, so that you get from them somewhat to remember; others lay criticism asleep by a charm.
有些谈话者在表达自己的想法时非常精确，因此你可以从他们那里得到一些值得记住的东西；其他人则用魅力来平息批评。
Especially women use words that are not words,--as steps in a dance are not steps,--but reproduce the genius of that they speak of; as the sound of some bells makes us think of the bell merely, whilst the church-chimes in the distance bring the church and its serious memories before us.
尤其是女性，她们所使用的言语并非言语，就像舞蹈中的舞步并非舞步一样，但却再现了她们所谈论的天才；就像有些钟声让我们想起钟声，而远处教堂的钟声则把教堂和它严肃的记忆带到我们面前。
Opinions are accidental in people,--have a poverty-stricken air.
人的意见都是偶然的——有一种穷困潦倒的样子。
A man valuing himself as the organ of this or that dogma is a dull companion enough; but opinion native to the speaker is sweet and refreshing, and inseparable from his image.
一个把自己视为这种或那种教条的器官的人，是一个足够乏味的伴侣；但说话者本身的观点是甜蜜和令人耳目一新的，并且与他的形象密不可分。
Neither do we by any means always go to people for conversation.
我们也不总是去找人交谈。
How often to say nothing,--and yet must go; as a child will long for his companions, but among them plays by himself.
多少次什么也不说——却必须走；就像小孩子渴望有同伴一样，但自己却在他们中间玩耍。
’Tis only presence which we want.
这就是我们想要的唯一存在。
But one thing is certain,--at some rate, intercourse we must have.
但有一件事是肯定的——在某种程度上，我们必须进行交流。
The experience of retired men is positive,--that we lose our days and are barren of thought for want of some person to talk with.
退休人员的经历是积极的——我们因为缺少倾诉对象而失去了自己的日子，并且缺乏思想。
The understanding can no more empty itself by its own action than can a deal box.
理解不能通过自己的行动来清空自己，就像交易箱一样。
The clergyman walks from house to house all day all the year to give people the comfort of good talk.
牧师一年四季整天挨家挨户地走来走去，给人们带来美好谈话的安慰。
The physician helps them mainly in the same way, by healthy talk giving a right tone to the patient’s mind.
医生主要以同样的方式帮助他们，通过健康的谈话为病人的思想提供正确的基调。
The dinner, the walk, the fireside, all have that for their main end.
晚餐、散步、炉边，所有这些都是他们的主要目的。
See how Nature has secured the communication of knowledge.
了解大自然如何确保知识的传播。
’Tis certain that money does not more burn in a boy’s pocket than a piece of news burns in our memory until we can tell it.
可以肯定的是，在我们能够讲述之前，钱在男孩的口袋里燃烧的程度并不比一条新闻在我们记忆中燃烧的程度更大。
And, in higher activity of mind, every new perception is attended with a thrill of pleasure, and the imparting of it to others is also attended with pleasure.
而且，在更高层次的心灵活动中，每一个新的感知都伴随着一种快乐的兴奋，而将其传授给他人也伴随着快乐。
Thought is the child of the intellect, and this child is conceived with joy and born with joy.
思想是智力的孩子，这个孩子是在欢乐中孕育并在欢乐中出生的。
Conversation is the laboratory and workshop of the student.
对话是学生的实验室和工作室。
The affection or sympathy helps.
感情或同情会有所帮助。
The wish to speak to the want of another mind assists to clear your own.
表达他人思想的愿望有助于清除自己的思想。
A certain truth possesses us, which we in all ways strive to utter.
我们拥有某种真理，我们以各种方式努力表达它。
Every time we say a thing in conversation, we get a mechanical advantage in detaching it well and delivery.
每次我们在谈话中说某件事时，我们都会在很好地分离和表达方面获得机械优势。
I prize the mechanics of conversation.
我很重视谈话的技巧。
’Tis pulley and lever and screw.
这是滑轮、杠杆和螺钉。
To fairly disengage the mass, and send it jingling down, a good boulder,--a block of quartz and gold, to be worked up at leisure in the useful arts of life,--is a wonderful relief.
完全脱离群众，并把它扔下来，叮当作响，一块好巨石，一块石英和金子，在闲暇时在有用的生活艺术中进行加工，是一种美妙的解脱。
What are the best days in memory? Those in which we met a companion who was truly such.
记忆中最美好的日子是哪几天？我们在其中遇到了一位真正的同伴。
How sweet those hours when the day was not long enough to communicate and compare our intellectual jewels,--the favorite passages of each book, the proud anecdotes of our heroes, the delicious verses we had hoarded! What a motive had then our solitary days! How the countenance of our friend still left some light after he had gone! We remember the time when the best gift we could ask of fortune was to fall in with a valuable companion in a ship’s cabin, or on a long journey in the old stage-coach, where, each passenger being forced to know every other, and other employments being out of question, conversation naturally flowed, people became rapidly acquainted, and, if well adapted, more intimate in a day than if they had been neighbors for years.
当白天的时间不够长，无法交流和比较我们的智力瑰宝时，那些时光是多么甜蜜啊——每本书中最喜欢的段落，我们英雄的骄傲轶事，我们囤积的美妙诗句！我们孤独的日子里有多么强烈的动机啊！我们的朋友走后，他的面容多么明亮啊！我们记得那个时候，我们所能祈求的最好的礼物就是在船舱里遇到一位有价值的同伴，或者在古老的驿站马车上长途旅行，在那里，每个乘客都被迫互相认识，并且其他工作都不成问题，谈话自然流畅，人们很快就熟悉了，如果适应得很好，一天之内就会比多年来的邻居更加亲密。
In youth, in the fury of curiosity and acquisition, the day is too short for books and the crowd of thoughts, and we are impatient of interruption.
年轻时，在好奇心和求知欲旺盛的时候，白天对于书本和思绪来说太短暂了，我们不耐烦被打扰。
Later, when books tire, thought has a more languid flow; and the days come when we are alarmed, and say there are no thoughts.
后来，当书本厌倦了，思想就会变得更加慵懒。有一天我们会感到惊慌，并说没有任何想法。
‘What a barren-witted pate is mine!’ the student says; ‘I will go and learn whether I have lost my reason.’ He seeks intelligent persons, whether more wise or less wise than he, who give him provocation, and at once and easily the old motion begins in his brain: thoughts, fancies, humors flow; the cloud lifts; the horizon broadens; and the infinite opulence of things is again shown him.
“我的头脑多么愚钝啊！”学生说； “我要去看看我是否失去了理智。”他寻找那些给他挑衅的聪明人，无论他们比他聪明还是不聪明，他的大脑立刻就会轻松地开始旧的运动：思想、幻想、幽默流动；云升起；视野开阔；事物的无限丰富再次向他展示。
But the right conditions must be observed.
但必须遵守正确的条件。
Mainly he must have leave to be himself.
主要是他必须有时间做自己。
Sancho Panza blessed the man who invented sleep.
桑乔·潘萨祝福这位发明睡眠的人。
So I prize the good invention whereby everybody is provided with somebody who is glad to see him.
因此，我珍视这项伟大的发明，即每个人都有一个很高兴见到他的人。
If men are less when together than they are alone, they are also in some respects enlarged.
如果人们在一起时比单独时要弱一些，那么他们在某些方面也会被放大。
They kindle each other; and such is the power of suggestion, that each sprightly story calls out more; and sometimes a fact that had long slept in the recesses of memory hears the voice, is welcomed to daylight, and proves of rare value.
他们互相点燃；这就是暗示的力量，每个生动的故事都能唤起更多的共鸣。有时，长期沉睡在记忆深处的事实会听到声音，受到欢迎，并被证明具有罕见的价值。
Every metaphysician must have observed, not only that no thought is alone, but that thoughts commonly go in pairs; though the related thoughts first appeared in his mind at long distances of time.
每个形而上学家都必须观察到，不仅没有思想是单独存在的，而且思想通常是成对出现的。尽管相关的想法第一次出现在他的脑海中已经是很久以前的事了。
Things are in pairs: a natural fact has only half its value, until a fact in moral nature, its counterpart, is stated.
事物是成对出现的：自然事实只有其一半的价值，直到其对应的道德自然事实被陈述出来。
Then they confirm and adorn each other; a story is matched by another story.
然后相互印证、装饰；一个故事与另一个故事相匹配。
And that may be the reason why, when a gentleman has told a good thing, he immediately tells it again.
这也许就是为什么君子说了一件好事，他会立即再说一遍的原因。
Nothing seems so cheap as the benefit of conversation: nothing is more rare.
没有什么比交谈的好处更便宜的了：没有什么比交谈更难得的了。
’Tis wonderful how you are balked and baffled.
你的犹豫和困惑真是太好了。
There is plenty of intelligence, reading, curiosity; but serious, happy discourse, avoiding personalities, dealing with results, is rare: and I seldom meet with a reading and thoughtful person but he tells me, as if it were his exceptional mishap, that he has no companion.
有足够的智力、阅读能力、好奇心；但严肃、愉快的谈话、回避个性、处理结果是很少见的：我很少遇到一个读书和思考的人，但他告诉我，好像这是他的特殊不幸，他没有同伴。
Suppose such a one to go out exploring different circles in search of this wise and genial counterpart,--he might inquire far and wide.
假设这样一个人出去探索不同的圈子，寻找这位明智而和蔼可亲的对手，他可能会四处询问。
Conversation in society is found to be on a platform so low as to exclude science, the saint, and the poet.
人们发现社会上的对话是在一个很低的平台上进行的，以至于排除了科学、圣人和诗人。
Amidst all the gay banter, sentiment cannot profane itself and venture out.
在所有同性恋的玩笑中，情感不能亵渎自己并冒险出去。
The reply of old Isocrates comes so often to mind,--“The things which are now seasonable I cannot say; and for the things which I can say it is not now the time.” Besides, who can resist the charm of talent? The lover of letters loves power too.
老伊索克拉底的回答常常浮现在我的脑海中：“现在合适的事情我不能说；对于我可以说的事情，现在还不是时候。”再说了，谁能抗拒才华的魅力呢？热爱文学的人也热爱权力。
Among the men of wit and learning, he could not withhold his homage from the gayety, grasp of memory, luck, splendor, and speed; such exploits of discourse, such feats of society! What new powers, what mines of wealth! But when he came home, his brave sequins were dry leaves.
在那些有智慧、有学问的人中，他无法不对欢乐、记忆力、运气、辉煌和速度表示敬意。这是话语的功绩，社会的功绩！多么新的力量，多么丰富的财富！但当他回到家时，他勇敢的亮片变成了干树叶。
He found either that the fact they had thus dizened and adorned was of no value, or that he already knew all and more than all they had told him.
他发现，要么他们如此装饰和装饰的事实毫无价值，要么他已经知道了一切，而且比他们告诉他的一切还要多。
He could not find that he was helped by so much as one thought or principle, one solid fact, one commanding impulse: great was the dazzle, but the gain was small.
他找不到任何一种思想或原则、一种确凿的事实、一种命令性的冲动对他有帮助：令人眼花缭乱，但收获却很小。
He uses his occasions; he seeks the company of those who have convivial talent.
他利用他的机会；他寻找那些有欢乐才能的人为伴。
But the moment they meet, to be sure they begin to be something else than they were; they play pranks, dance jigs, run on each other, pun, tell stories, try many fantastic tricks, under some superstition that there must be excitement and elevation;--and they kill conversation at once.
但当他们相遇的那一刻，可以肯定的是，他们开始变得不一样了。他们恶作剧、跳吉格舞、互相追逐、双关语、讲故事、尝试许多奇妙的把戏，他们迷信一定有兴奋和提升；——他们立刻就扼杀了谈话。
I know well the rusticity of the shy hermit.
我深知羞涩隐士的质朴。
No doubt he does not make allowance enough for men of more active blood and habit.
毫无疑问，他没有为具有更活跃的血液和习惯的人提供足够的宽容。
But it is only on natural ground that conversation can be rich.
但只有在自然的基础上，谈话才能变得丰富。
It must not begin with uproar and violence.
它绝不能以骚乱和暴力开始。
Let it keep the ground, let it feel the connection with the battery.
让它保持接地，让它感受与电池的连接。
Men must not be off their centres.
男人不能偏离自己的中心。
Some men love only to talk where they are masters.
有些人只喜欢谈论他们是主人的事情。
They like to go to school-girls, or to boys, or into the shops where the sauntering people gladly lend an ear to any one.
他们喜欢去女学生、男孩那里，或者去商店，在那里闲逛的人们很乐意倾听任何人的声音。
On these terms they give information, and please themselves by sallies and chat which are admired by the idlers; and the talker is at his ease and jolly, for he can walk out without ceremony when he pleases.
他们根据这些条件提供信息，并通过出言不逊和闲聊来取悦自己，而这些都是闲人所钦佩的。说话的人心情轻松愉快，因为只要他愿意，他就可以不拘一格地走出去。
They go rarely to their equals, and then as for their own convenience simply, making too much haste to introduce and impart their new whim or discovery; listen badly, or do not listen to the comment or to the thought by which the company strive to repay them; rather, as soon as their own speech is done, they take their hats.
他们很少去与他们平等的人接触，然后只是为了自己的方便，太匆忙地介绍和传授他们的新奇思妙想或发现；听不好，或者不听公司努力回报他们的评论或想法；相反，一旦他们自己的演讲结束，他们就会脱帽。
Then there are the gladiators, to whom it is always a battle; ’tis no matter on which side, they fight for victory; then the heady men, the egotists, the monotones, the steriles, and the impracticables.
然后是角斗士，对他们来说，这始终是一场战斗。无论哪一方，他们都为胜利而战；然后是令人兴奋的人、自负的人、单调的人、枯燥的人、不切实际的人。
It does not help that you find as good or a better man than yourself, if he is not timed and fitted to you.
如果他不合时宜、不适合你，那么即使你找到一个比你同样优秀或更好的人也无济于事。
The greatest sufferers are often those who have the most to say,--men of a delicate sympathy, who are dumb in mixed company.
最大的受害者往往是那些最有发言权的人——那些有着微妙同情心的人，但在混杂的人群中他们却是哑巴。
Able people, if they do not know how to make allowance for them, paralyze them.
有能力的人，如果不懂得体谅他们，就会使他们瘫痪。
One of those conceited prigs who value nature only as it feeds and exhibits them is equally a pest with the roysterers.
那些自负的自以为是的人，只看重自然，因为它滋养和展示了他们，这同样是抢劫者的害虫。
There must be large reception as well as giving.
必须有大量的接待和给予。
How delightful after these disturbers is the radiant, playful wit of--one whom I need not name,--for in every society there is his representative.
在这些扰乱者之后，我不必说出他的名字，因为在每个社会中都有他的代表，他的光芒四射、顽皮机智是多么令人愉快。
Good-nature is stronger than tomahawks.
善良比战斧更强大。
His conversation is all pictures: he can reproduce whatever he has seen; he tells the best story in the county, and is of such genial temper that he disposes all others irresistibly to good-humor and discourse.
他的谈话都是图像：他可以再现他所看到的一切；他可以再现他所看到的一切。他讲的故事是全县最好的，而且性格和蔼可亲，让其他人都无法抗拒地表现出幽默和健谈。
Diderot said of the Abbé Galiani: “He was a treasure in rainy days; and if the cabinet-makers made such things, everybody would have one in the country.” One lesson we learn early,--that, in spite of seeming difference, men are all of one pattern.
狄德罗这样评价加利亚尼神父：“他是雨天的宝藏；他是雨天的宝藏。”如果橱柜制造商制造出这样的东西，那么这个国家的每个人都会拥有一个。”我们很早就学到的一个教训是，尽管表面上有所不同，但人们都是同一种模式。
We readily assume this with our mates, and are disappointed and angry if we find that we are premature, and that their watches are slower than ours.
我们很容易对我们的伴侣做出这样的假设，如果我们发现自己太早熟，而且他们的手表比我们的慢，我们会感到失望和愤怒。
In fact, the only sin which we never forgive in each other is difference of opinion.
事实上，我们彼此永远不原谅的唯一罪过就是意见分歧。
We know beforehand that yonder man must think as we do.
我们事先就知道那个人一定和我们一样思考。
Has he not two hands,--two feet,--hair and nails? Does he not eat,--bleed,--laugh,--cry? His dissent from me is the veriest affectation.
他没有两只手、两只脚、头发和指甲吗？他不吃东西、--流血、--笑、--哭吗？他对我的不同意见是最做作的。
This conclusion is at once the logic of persecution and of love.
这个结论既是迫害的逻辑，也是爱的逻辑。
And the ground of our indignation is our conviction that his dissent is some wilfulness he practises on himself.
我们愤慨的理由是我们相信他的异议是他对自己实行的某种任性行为。
He checks the flow of his opinion, as the cross cow holds up her milk.
当十字架牛举起牛奶时，他检查了自己的意见。
Yes, and we look into his eye, and see that he knows it and hides his eye from ours.
是的，我们看着他的眼睛，发现他知道这一点，并隐藏了他的眼睛不让我们看到。
But to come a little nearer to my mark, I am to say that there may easily be obstacles in the way of finding the pure article we are in search of; but when we find it, it is worth the pursuit, for beside its comfort as medicine and cordial, once in the right company, new and vast values do not fail to appear.
但为了更接近我的目标，我要说的是，在找到我们正在寻找的纯粹文章的过程中可能很容易遇到障碍；但当我们找到它时，它就值得我们去追求，因为除了它像药一样的舒适和亲切之外，一旦与合适的人在一起，新的、巨大的价值就会出现。
All that man can do for man is to be found in that market.
人能为人做的一切都可以在那个市场中找到。
There are great prizes in this game.
这场比赛有丰厚的奖品。
Our fortunes in the world are as our mental equipment for this competition is.
我们在世界上的命运就像我们在这场比赛中的精神装备一样。
Yonder is a man who can answer the questions which I cannot.
那边有一个人可以回答我无法回答的问题。
Is it so? Hence comes to me boundless curiosity to know his experiences and his wit.
是这样吗？因此，我产生了无限的好奇心，想要了解他的经历和智慧。
Hence competition for the stakes dearest to man.
因此，人们会为了争夺人类最宝贵的利益而展开竞争。
What is a match at whist, or draughts, or billiards, or chess, to a match of mother-wit, of knowledge, and of resources? However courteously we conceal it, it is social rank and spiritual power that are compared; whether in the parlor, the courts, the caucus, the senate, or the chamber of science,--which are only less or larger theatres for this competition.
惠斯特、跳棋、台球、国际象棋的比赛与智慧、知识和资源的比赛有何意义？不管我们如何掩饰，比较的是社会地位和精神力量；无论是在客厅、法院、核心小组、参议院还是科学室——这些都只是这场竞争的较小或较大的舞台。
He that can define, he that can answer a question so as to admit of no further answer, is the best man.
能够定义问题、能够回答问题而无法再给出进一步答案的人，就是最好的人。
This was the meaning of the story of the Sphinx.
这就是狮身人面像故事的意义。
In the old time conundrums were sent from king to king by ambassadors.
在过去，难题是由大使从一个国王送到另一个国王的。
The seven wise masters at Periander’s banquet spent their time in answering them.
佩里安德宴会上的七位智者花了不少时间来回答这些问题。
The life of Socrates is a propounding and a solution of these.
苏格拉底的一生就是对这些问题的提出和解答。
So, in the hagiology of each nation, the lawgiver was in each case some man of eloquent tongue, whose sympathy brought him face to face with the extremes of society.
因此，在每个国家的圣徒学中，立法者都是能言善道的人，他的同情心使他直面社会的极端。
Jesus, Menu, the first Buddhist, Mahomet, Zertusht, Pythagoras, are examples.
耶稣、梅努、第一位佛教徒、穆罕默德、泽尔图什特、毕达哥拉斯都是例子。
Jesus spent his life in discoursing with humble people on life and duty, in giving wise answers, showing that he saw at a larger angle of vision, and at least silencing those who were not generous enough to accept his thoughts.
耶稣一生都在与谦卑的人谈论生命和责任，给出明智的答案，表明他以更广阔的视角看待问题，并至少让那些不够慷慨地接受他想法的人保持沉默。
Luther spent his life so; and it is not his theologic works,--his “Commentary on the Galatians,” and the rest, but his “Table-Talk” which is still read by men.
路德就是这样度过了他的一生；这不是他的神学著作——他的《加拉太书注释》和其他著作，而是他至今仍为人们所读的《桌边谈话》。
Dr.
博士。
Johnson was a man of no profound mind,--full of English limitations, English politics, English Church, Oxford philosophy; yet having a large heart, mother-wit, and good sense, which impatiently overleaped his customary bounds, his conversation as reported by Boswell has a lasting charm.
约翰逊是一个思想不深刻的人，充满了英国的局限性、英国政治、英国教会、牛津哲学；然而，博斯韦尔报道称，他的心胸宽广、智慧十足、判断力强，不耐烦地超越了他惯常的界限，他的谈话具有持久的魅力。
Conversation is the vent of character as well as of thought; and Dr.
谈话是性格的宣泄，也是思想的宣泄。和博士。
Johnson impresses his company, not only by the point of the remark, but also, when the point fails, because _he_ makes it.
约翰逊给他的公司留下了深刻的印象，不仅是因为他的言论，而且当这一点失败时，因为他做到了。
His obvious religion or superstition, his deep wish that they should think so or so, weighs with them,--so rare is depth of feeling, or a constitutional value for a thought or opinion, among the light-minded men and women who make up society; and though they know that there is in the speaker a degree of shortcoming, of insincerity, and of talking for victory, yet the existence of character, and habitual reverence for principles over talent or learning, is felt by the frivolous.
他明显的宗教或迷信，他强烈希望他们应该这么想，这些都对他们产生了影响——在那些轻率的男人和女人中，感情的深度，或者一种思想或观点的宪法价值是多么罕见。上社会；尽管他们知道说话者有一定程度的缺点，不真诚，并且谈论胜利，但轻浮的人仍然感受到品格的存在，以及对原则的尊重，而不是对才华或学识的习惯性尊重。
One of the best records of the great German master, who towered over all his contemporaries in the first thirty years of this century, is his conversations as recorded by Eckermann; and the “Table-Talk” of Coleridge is one of the best remains of his genius.
这位伟大的德国大师在本世纪头三十年中超越了所有同时代的大师，其最好的记录之一就是埃克曼所记录的他的谈话。柯勒律治的《餐桌谈话》是他的天才留下的最好的遗产之一。
In the Norse legends, the gods of Valhalla, when they meet the Jotuns, converse on the perilous terms that he who cannot answer the other’s questions forfeits his own life.
在北欧传说中，瓦尔哈拉的众神在遇到约顿人时，会用危险的术语交谈：谁不能回答对方的问题，谁就会丧失自己的生命。
Odin comes to the threshold of the Jotun Waftrhudnir in disguise, calling himself Gangrader; is invited into the hall, and told that he cannot go out thence unless he can answer every question Waftrhudnir shall put.
奥丁乔装打扮来到了约顿瓦夫特胡德尼尔 (Jotun Waftrhudnir) 的门口，自称冈格拉德 (Gangrader)。被邀请进入大厅，并被告知除非他能回答瓦夫特胡德尼尔提出的每一个问题，否则他不能出去。
Waftrhudnir asks him the name of the god of the sun, and of the god who brings the night; what river separates the dwellings of the sons of the giants from those of the gods; what plain lies between the gods and Surtur, their adversary, etc.; all which the disguised Odin answers satisfactorily.
瓦夫特胡德尼尔问他太阳神的名字和带来黑夜的神的名字；是什么河流将巨人之子的住所与众神的住所分开？众神和他们的对手苏尔特尔之间有什么明显的区别？伪装的奥丁对这一切都给出了令人满意的回答。
Then it is his turn to interrogate, and he is answered well for a time by the Jotun.
然后轮到他审问，佐顿暂时给了他很好的答复。
At last he puts a question which none but himself could answer: “What did Odin whisper in the ear of his son Balder, when Balder mounted the funeral pile?” The startled giant replies: “None of the gods knows what in the old time THOU saidst in the ear of thy son: with death on my mouth have I spoken the fate-words of the generation of the Æsir; with Odin contended I in wise words.
最后他提出了一个只有他自己才能回答的问题：“当巴尔德登上葬礼堆时，奥丁在他儿子巴尔德耳边低语了什么？”震惊的巨人回答道：“众神都不知道你在远古时期在你儿子耳边说了什么：我以死亡之口说出了阿西尔一代的命运之言；我用智慧的话与奥丁争辩。
Thou must ever the wisest be.” And still the gods and giants are so known, and still they play the same game in all the million mansions of heaven and of earth; at all tables, clubs, and _tête-à-têtes_, the lawyers in the court-house, the senators in the capitol, the doctors in the academy, the wits in the hotel.
你一定是最聪明的。”诸神和巨人仍然如此广为人知，他们仍然在天上地下的百万府邸中玩着同样的游戏；在所有的桌子、俱乐部和面对面的场合，法院里的律师，国会大厦里的参议员，学院里的医生，酒店里的智者。
Best is he who gives an answer that cannot be answered again.
最好的人是给出无法再次回答的答案的人。
_Omnis definitio periculosa est_, and only wit has the secret.
_Omnis definitio periculosa est_，只有智慧才知道秘密。
The same thing took place when Leibnitz came to visit Newton; when Schiller came to Goethe; when France, in the person of Madame de Staël, visited Goethe and Schiller; when Hegel was the guest of Victor Cousin in Paris; when Linnæus was the guest of Jussieu.
当莱布尼茨拜访牛顿时，同样的事情也发生了。当席勒来到歌德身边时；当法国以斯塔尔夫人的名义拜访歌德和席勒时；当黑格尔在巴黎做维克多·库桑的客人时；当林奈做尤西厄的客人时。
It happened many years ago, that an American chemist carried a letter of introduction to Dr.
事情发生在很多年前，一位美国化学家带着一封介绍信给博士。
Dalton of Manchester, England, the author of the theory of atomic proportions, and was coolly enough received by the Doctor in the laboratory where he was engaged.
英国曼彻斯特的道尔顿是原子比例理论的作者，在他所从事的实验室里受到了博士的冷漠接待。
Only Dr.
只有博士。
Dalton scratched a formula on a scrap of paper and pushed it towards the guest,--“Had he seen that?” The visitor scratched on another paper a formula describing some results of his own with sulphuric acid, and pushed it across the table,--“Had he seen that?” The attention of the English chemist was instantly arrested, and they became rapidly acquainted.
道尔顿在一张纸上写下一个公式，然后把它推向客人，——“他看到了吗？”来访者在另一张纸上写下了一个公式，描述了他自己用硫酸得到的一些结果，然后把它推过桌子，——“他看到了吗？”这位英国化学家的注意力立刻被吸引了，他们很快就熟悉了。
To answer a question so as to admit of no reply, is the test of a man,--to touch bottom every time.
回答一个问题以至于不承认没有答案，是对一个人的考验——每次都触底。
Hyde, Earl of Rochester, asked Lord-Keeper Guilford, “Do you not think I could understand any business in England in a month?” “Yes, my Lord,” replied the other, “but I think you would understand it better in two months.” When Edward I.
罗切斯特伯爵海德问守护者吉尔福德勋爵：“你认为我一个月内看不懂英格兰的任何事情吗？” “是的，大人，”另一个人回答道，“但我想两个月后你就会更好地理解这一点。”当爱德华一世.
claimed to be acknowledged by the Scotch (1292) as lord paramount, the nobles of Scotland replied, “No answer can be made while the throne is vacant.” When Henry III.
苏格兰贵族声称被苏格兰人（1292年）承认为至高无上的领主，但苏格兰贵族回答说：“王位空缺时无法做出任何答复。”当亨利三世。
(1217) plead duress against his people demanding confirmation and execution of the Charter, the reply was: “If this were admitted, civil wars could never close but by the extirpation of one of the contending parties.” What can you do with one of these sharp respondents? What can you do with an eloquent man? No rules of debate, no contempt of court, no exclusions, no gag-laws can be contrived, that his first syllable will not set aside or overstep and annul.
(1217) 向他的人民请求确认和执行宪章，答复是：“如果承认这一点，内战永远不会结束，除非消灭其中一个竞争方。”对于这些敏锐的受访者之一，你能做什么？一个能言善辩的人能做什么呢？任何辩论规则、任何藐视法庭行为、任何排除规则、任何禁止性法律都不能被设计出来，他的第一个音节不会被搁置、超越和废除。
You can shut out the light, it may be; but can you shut out gravitation? You may condemn his book; but can you fight against his thought? That is always too nimble for you, anticipates you, and breaks out victorious in some other quarter.
也许你可以把光关掉；但你能排除万有引力吗？你可以谴责他的书；但你能反对他的想法吗？这对你来说总是太灵活了，它会预见到你，并在其他方面取得胜利。
Can you stop the motions of good sense? What can you do with Beaumarchais, who converts the censor whom the court has appointed to stifle his play into an ardent advocate? The court appoints another censor, who shall crush it this time.
你能停止理智的行动吗？你能对博马舍做什么呢？他把法庭任命的审查员转变为热心的辩护者？朝廷又任命了另一位监察员，这次他将粉碎它。
Beaumarchais persuades him to defend it.
博马舍说服他捍卫它。
The court successively appoints three more severe inquisitors; Beaumarchais converts them all into triumphant vindicators of the play which is to bring in the Revolution.
法庭先后任命了三名更严厉的调查官；博马舍将他们全部转变为这场将带来革命的戏剧的胜利辩护者。
Who can stop the mouth of Luther,--of Newton?--of Franklin,--of Mirabeau,--of Talleyrand? These masters can make good their own place, and need no patron.
谁能堵住路德、牛顿、富兰克林、米拉波、塔列朗的嘴？这些主人可以创造自己的地位，不需要靠山。
Every variety of gift--science, religion, politics, letters, art, prudence, war, or love--has its vent and exchange in conversation.
每一种天赋——科学、宗教、政治、文学、艺术、审慎、战争或爱情——都在对话中得到宣泄和交流。
Conversation is the Olympic games whither every superior gift resorts to assert and approve itself,--and, of course, the inspirations of powerful and public men, with the rest.
对话就像奥林匹克运动会，每一种卓越的天赋都会诉诸于证明和认可自己，当然，还有权力和公众人士的灵感以及其他人的灵感。
But it is not this class,--whom the splendor of their accomplishment almost inevitably guides into the vortex of ambition, makes them chancellors and commanders of council and of action, and makes them at last fatalists,--not these whom we now consider.
但这不是这个阶级——他们的辉煌成就几乎不可避免地将他们引入野心的漩涡，使他们成为议会和行动的总理和指挥官，并最终使他们成为宿命论者——而不是我们现在考虑的这些人。 。
We consider those who are interested in thoughts, their own and other men’s, and who delight in comparing them, who think it the highest compliment they can pay a man, to deal with him as an intellect, to expose to him the grand and cheerful secrets perhaps never opened to their daily companions, to share with him the sphere of freedom and the simplicity of truth.
我们认为，那些对自己的思想和他人的思想感兴趣的人，乐于比较思想的人，认为这是对一个人所能给予的最高赞美的人，把他当作一个有智慧的人来对待，向他展示宏伟而令人愉快的事物。秘密也许从未向他们的日常伙伴敞开，与他分享自由的领域和简单的真理。
But the best conversation is rare.
但最好的对话是罕见的。
Society seems to have agreed to treat fictions as realities, and realities as fictions; and the simple lover of truth, especially if on very high grounds,--as a religious or intellectual seeker,--finds himself a stranger and alien.
社会似乎已经同意将虚构视为现实，将现实视为虚构；单纯热爱真理的人，尤其是在崇高地位的情况下，作为宗教或知识的探索者，会发现自己是一个陌生人和外星人。
It is possible that the best conversation is between two persons who can talk only to each other.
最好的对话可能是在只能互相交谈的两个人之间进行。
Even Montesquieu confessed that, in conversation, if he perceived he was listened to by a third person, it seemed to him from that moment the whole question vanished from his mind.
甚至孟德斯鸠也承认，在谈话中，如果他察觉到有第三个人在听他讲话，那么从那一刻起，他似乎整个问题就从他的脑海中消失了。
I have known persons of rare ability who were heavy company to good, social men who knew well enough how to draw out others of retiring habit; and, moreover, were heavy to intellectual men who ought to have known them.
我认识一些才华横溢的人，他们是善良、善于交际的人的重要伙伴，而这些人很清楚如何吸引其他有退休习惯的人。而且，对于本应了解它们的知识分子来说，它们是沉重的。
And does it never occur that we, perhaps, live with people too superior to be seen,--as there are musical notes too high for the scale of most ears? There are men who are great only to one or two companions of more opportunity, or more adapted.
难道我们从来没有遇到过这样的情况吗？或许，我们生活在那些高人一等、难以被人看见的人中间——就像对于大多数耳朵来说音阶太高的音符一样？有些人只对一两个有更多机会或更适应的伴侣表现出色。
It was to meet these wants that in all civil nations attempts have been made to organize conversation by bringing together cultivated people under the most favorable conditions.
为了满足这些需求，所有文明国家都试图通过在最有利的条件下将有教养的人们聚集在一起来组织对话。
’Tis certain there was liberal and refined conversation in the Greek, in the Roman, and in the Middle Age.
可以肯定的是，在希腊语、罗马语和中世纪，存在着自由而优雅的对话。
There was a time when in France a revolution occurred in domestic architecture; when the houses of the nobility, which, up to that time, had been constructed on feudal necessities, in a hollow square,--the ground-floor being resigned to offices and stables, and the floors above to rooms of state and to lodging-rooms,--were rebuilt with new purpose.
曾经有一段时间，法国的国内建筑发生了一场革命。当时贵族的房屋是根据封建必需品建造的，位于一个空心的正方形中，底层被用作办公室和马厩，上面的楼层被用作国事厅和住所-房间，--以新的目的重建。
It was the Marchioness of Rambouillet who first got the horses out of and the scholars into the palaces, having constructed her _hôtel_ with a view to society, with superb suites of drawing-rooms on the same floor, and broke through the _morgue_ of etiquette by inviting to her house men of wit and learning as well as men of rank, and piqued the emulation of Cardinal Richelieu to rival assemblies, and so to the founding of the French Academy.
朗布依埃侯爵夫人首先将马匹带出宫殿，将学者带入宫殿，她建造了一座面向社会的酒店，在同一层设有豪华的客厅套房，并突破了礼仪的太平间。她邀请有智慧、有学识的人和有地位的人来到她的家里，并激起了敌对议会对红衣主教黎塞留的效仿，从而促成了法兰西学院的成立。
The history of the Hôtel Rambouillet and its brilliant circles makes an important date in French civilization.
朗布依埃酒店及其辉煌的历史在法国文明中具有重要意义。
And a history of clubs from early antiquity, tracing the efforts to secure liberal and refined conversation, through the Greek and Roman to the Middle Age, and thence down through French, English, and German memoirs, tracing the clubs and coteries in each country, would be an important chapter in history.
以及从古代早期开始的俱乐部历史，追溯了为确保自由和精致对话所做的努力，从希腊和罗马到中世纪，再到法国、英国和德国的回忆录，追溯了每个国家的俱乐部和小圈子，将成为历史上的重要篇章。
We know well the Mermaid Club, in London, of Shakspeare, Ben Jonson, Chapman, Herrick, Selden, Beaumont and Fletcher; its “Rules” are preserved, and many allusions to their suppers are found in Jonson, Herrick, and in Aubrey.
我们很熟悉伦敦的美人鱼俱乐部，那里有莎士比亚、本·琼森、查普曼、赫里克、塞尔登、博蒙特和弗莱彻；它的“规则”被保留下来，在琼森、赫里克和奥布里身上可以找到许多关于他们晚餐的典故。
Anthony Wood has many details of Harrington’s Club.
安东尼·伍德拥有哈林顿俱乐部的许多细节。
Dr.
博士。
Bentley’s Club held Newton, Wren, Evelyn, and Locke; and we owe to Boswell our knowledge of the club of Dr.
本特利俱乐部有牛顿、雷恩、伊芙琳和洛克；我们对博斯韦尔博士俱乐部的了解要归功于博斯韦尔。
Johnson, Goldsmith, Burke, Gibbon, Reynolds, Garrick, Beauclerk, and Percy.
约翰逊、戈德史密斯、伯克、吉本、雷诺兹、加里克、博克勒克和珀西。
And we have records of the brilliant society that Edinburgh boasted in the first decade of this century.
我们还记录了爱丁堡在本世纪头十年所夸耀的辉煌社会。
Such societies are possible only in great cities, and are the compensation which these can make to their dwellers for depriving them of the free intercourse with Nature.
这样的社会只有在大城市才有可能，并且是大城市对剥夺居民与自然自由交往的补偿。
Every scholar is surrounded by wiser men than he--if they cannot write as well.
每个学者的周围都有比他更聪明的人——如果他们的写作能力不如他的话。
Cannot they meet and exchange results to their mutual benefit and delight? It was a pathetic experience when a genial and accomplished person said to me, looking from his country home to the capital of New England, “There is a town of two hundred thousand people, and not a chair in it for me.” If he were sure to find at No.
难道他们不能见面并交换成果以实现互惠互利和愉快吗？当一位和蔼可亲、多才多艺的人从他的乡间别墅望向新英格兰的首府时，对我说：“有一个有二十万人口的小镇，里面没有一张适合我的椅子，这是一次可悲的经历。”如果他确定能找到No.
2000 Tremont Street what scholars were abroad after the morning studies were ended, Boston would shine as the New Jerusalem to his eyes.
特雷蒙特街2000号，那些出国留学的学者，早上的学习结束后，波士顿在他眼中就像新耶路撒冷一样闪闪发光。
Now this want of adapted society is mutual.
现在，这种适应社会的需要是相互的。
The man of thought, the man of letters, the man of science, the administrator skilful in affairs, the man of manners and culture, whom you so much wish to find,--each of these is wishing to be found.
有思想的人、有文学的人、有科学的人、有办事能力的管理者、有礼貌、有文化的人，你们非常希望找到的人——他们中的每一个都希望找到。
Each wishes to open his thought, his knowledge, his social skill to the daylight in your company and affection, and to exchange his gifts for yours; and the first hint of a select and intelligent company is welcome.
每个人都希望在你的陪伴和关爱中敞开他的思想、他的知识、他的社交技能，并用他的礼物交换你的礼物；欢迎选择一家聪明的公司的第一个暗示。
But the club must be self-protecting, and obstacles arise at the outset.
但俱乐部必须自我保护，障碍从一开始就会出现。
There are people who cannot well be cultivated, whom you must keep down and quiet if you can.
有些人是不能很好培养的，如果可以的话，你必须压制他们并保持安静。
There are those who have the instinct of a bat to fly against any lighted candle and put it out,--marplots and contradictors.
有些人有蝙蝠的本能，会飞向任何点燃的蜡烛，然后将其扑灭，这是马屁精和矛盾者。
There are those who go only to talk, and those who go only to hear: both are bad.
有些人去只是为了说话，有些人去只是为了听：两者都是不好的。
A right rule for a club would be,--Admit no man whose presence excludes any one topic.
对于俱乐部来说，一条正确的规则是——不允许任何人的出现排除任何一个话题。
It requires people who are not surprised and shocked, who do and let do, and let be, who sink trifles, and know solid values, and who take a great deal for granted.
它要求人们不感到惊讶和震惊，做事、放手，放任自流，沉溺于小事，了解可靠的价值观，并把很多事情视为理所当然。
It is always a practical difficulty with clubs to regulate the laws of election so as to exclude peremptorily every social nuisance.
对俱乐部来说，规范选举法以强制排除一切社会滋扰始终是一个实际困难。
Nobody wishes bad manners.
没有人希望有不礼貌的行为。
We must have loyalty and character.
我们必须有忠诚和品格。
The poet Marvell was wont to say “that he would not drink wine with any one with whom he could not trust his life.” But neither can we afford to be superfine.
诗人马维尔常说“他不会与任何他不能信任自己生命的人一起喝酒”。但我们也不能做到超级优秀。
A man of irreproachable behavior and excellent sense preferred on his travels taking his chance at a hotel for company, to the charging himself with too many select letters of introduction.
一个举止无可非议、判断力极佳的人，在旅行时更喜欢在酒店里找个机会结伴，而不是给自己写太多精选的介绍信。
He confessed he liked low company.
他承认他喜欢低调的陪伴。
He said the fact was incontestable, that the society of gypsies was more attractive than that of bishops.
他说，吉普赛人的社会比主教的社会更有吸引力，这一事实是无可争议的。
The girl deserts the parlor for the kitchen; the boy, for the wharf.
女孩离开客厅来到厨房；男孩，去码头。
Tutors and parents cannot interest him like the uproarious conversation he finds in the market or the dock.
导师和家长不会像他在市场或码头上发现的喧闹谈话那样引起他的兴趣。
I knew a scholar, of some experience in camps, who said that he liked, in a bar-room, to tell a few coon stories, and put himself on a good footing with the company; then he could be as silent as he chose.
我认识一位有过集中营经历的学者，他说他喜欢在酒吧里讲一些浣熊的故事，让自己在公司里站稳脚跟；然后他就可以随心所欲地保持沉默了。
A scholar does not wish to be always pumping his brains: he wants gossips.
学者不希望总是绞尽脑汁：他想要的是闲话。
The black-coats are good company only for black-coats; but when the manufacturers, merchants, and ship-masters meet, see how much they have to say, and how long the conversation lasts! They have come from many zones; they have traversed wide countries; they know each his own arts, and the cunning artisans of his craft; they have seen the best and the worst of men.
黑大衣是黑大衣的好伙伴。但当制造商、商人和船主见面时，看看他们有多少话要说，谈话要持续多久！他们来自许多地区；他们走遍了广阔的国家；他们每个人都了解自己的艺术，也了解自己手艺的狡猾工匠。他们见过最好的人和最坏的人。
Their knowledge contradicts the popular opinion and your own on many points.
他们的知识在很多方面与流行观点和你自己的观点相矛盾。
Things which you fancy wrong they know to be right and profitable; things which you reckon superstitious they know to be true.
你认为错误的事情他们知道是正确的并且有利可图；你认为迷信的事情他们知道是真的。
They have found virtue in the strangest homes; and in the rich store of their adventures are instances and examples which you have been seeking in vain for years, and which they suddenly and unwittingly offer you.
他们在最陌生的家庭里找到了美德；在他们丰富的冒险经历中，有一些你多年来一直徒劳地寻找的实例和例子，而他们却突然而无意地向你提供了这些实例和例子。
I remember a social experiment in this direction, wherein it appeared that each of the members fancied he was in need of society, but himself unpresentable.
我记得有一个朝这个方向的社会实验，其中每个成员似乎都认为他需要社会，但他自己却无法表现出来。
On trial they all found that they could be tolerated by, and could tolerate, each other.
在审判中，他们都发现彼此可以容忍，也可以互相容忍。
Nay, the tendency to extreme self-respect which hesitated to join in a club was running rapidly down to abject admiration of each other, when the club was broken up by new combinations.
不仅如此，当俱乐部被新的组合解散时，因极度自尊而犹豫是否加入俱乐部的倾向很快就会变成彼此的卑鄙钦佩。
The use of the hospitality of the club hardly needs explanation.
俱乐部招待的用途几乎不需要解释。
Men are unbent and social at table; and I remember it was explained to me, in a Southern city, that it was impossible to set any public charity on foot unless through a tavern dinner.
男人在餐桌上不拘礼节、善于交际；我记得有人向我解释说，在南方城市，除非通过酒馆晚餐，否则不可能步行设立任何公共慈善机构。
I do not think our metropolitan charities would plead the same necessity; but to a club met for conversation a supper is a good basis, as it disarms all parties, and puts pedantry and business to the door.
我不认为我们的大都会慈善机构会提出同样的必要性；但对于一个聚会聊天的俱乐部来说，晚餐是一个很好的基础，因为它可以解除各方的武装，并把迂腐和生意拒之门外。
All are in good-humor and at leisure, which are the first conditions of discourse; the ordinary reserves are thrown off, experienced men meet with the freedom of boys, and, sooner or later, impart all that is singular in their experience.
大家心情愉快，心情闲适，这是谈话的首要条件；普通的保留被抛弃，经验丰富的人遇到了男孩的自由，并且迟早会传授他们经验中的所有独特之处。
The hospitalities of clubs are easily exaggerated.
俱乐部的热情好客很容易被夸大。
No doubt the suppers of wits and philosophers acquire much lustre by time and renown.
毫无疑问，智者和哲学家的晚餐随着时间的推移和声誉而获得了很大的光彩。
Plutarch, Xenophon, and Plato, who have celebrated each a banquet of their set, have given us next to no data of the viands; and it is to be believed that an indifferent tavern dinner in such society was more relished by the _convives_ than a much better one in worse company.
普鲁塔克、色诺芬和柏拉图都曾举办过各自的宴会，但他们几乎没有向我们提供有关宴会的数据；可以相信，在这样的社会里，一顿冷漠的酒馆晚餐比在更差的公司里吃一顿好得多的晚餐更受聚会者的欢迎。
Herrick’s verses to Ben Jonson no doubt paint the fact:-- “When we such clusters had As made us nobly wild, not mad; And yet, each verse of thine Outdid the meat, outdid the frolic wine.” Such friends make the feast satisfying; and I notice that it was when things went prosperously, and the company was full of honor, at the banquet of the Cid, that “the guests all were joyful, and agreed in one thing,--that they had not eaten better for three years.” I need only hint the value of the club for bringing masters in their several arts to compare and expand their views, to come to an understanding on these points, and so that their united opinion shall have its just influence on public questions of education and politics.
赫里克（Herrick）写给本·琼森（Ben Jonson）的诗句无疑描绘了这样一个事实：——“当我们这样的集群拥有A时，我们变得高尚的狂野，而不是疯狂；然而，你的每一节诗都胜过肉，胜过嬉戏酒。”这样的朋友，使宴席变得美满；我注意到，当事情进展顺利，公司充满荣誉时，在熙德的宴会上，“宾客们都很高兴，一致同意一件事，那就是他们已经三个人没有吃过更好的食物了。”年。”我只需要暗示俱乐部的价值，让不同艺术领域的大师们来比较和扩展他们的观点，在这些问题上达成共识，这样他们的统一意见就能对教育和政治等公共问题产生公正的影响。 。
’Tis agreed that in the sections of the British Association more information is mutually and effectually communicated, in a few hours, than in many months of ordinary correspondence, and the printing and transmission of ponderous reports.
人们一致认为，在英国协会的各个部门中，在几个小时内相互有效地传达的信息比数月的普通通信以及印刷和传输繁琐的报告要多。
We know that _l’homme de lettres_ is a little wary, and not fond of giving away his seed-corn; but there is an infallible way to draw him out, namely, by having as good as he.
我们知道，文学家有点谨慎，不喜欢把他的玉米种子送人。但有一个万无一失的方法可以吸引他，那就是拥有和他一样好的人。
If you have Tuscaroora and he Canada, he may exchange kernel for kernel.
如果你有 Tuscaroora 和他加拿大，他可能会用内核交换内核。
If his discretion is incurable, and he dare not speak of fairy gold, he will yet tell what new books he has found, what old ones recovered, what men write and read abroad.
如果他的判断力无可救药，他不敢谈论仙金，他也会讲述他发现了哪些新书，恢复了哪些旧书，国外的人写了什么和读了什么。
A principal purpose also is the hospitality of the club, as a means of receiving a worthy foreigner with mutual advantage.
一个主要目的也是俱乐部的热情好客，以此作为接待有价值的外国人并实现互惠互利的一种手段。
Every man brings into society some partial thought and local culture.
每个人都会给社会带来一些片面的思想和地方文化。
We need range and alternation of topics, and variety of minds.
我们需要话题的范围和交替，以及思想的多样性。
One likes in a companion a phlegm which it is a triumph to disturb, and, not less, to make in an old acquaintance unexpected discoveries of scope and power through the advantage of an inspiring subject.
人们喜欢同伴身上有一种痰，能够扰乱这种痰是一种胜利，而且更重要的是，通过一个鼓舞人心的主题，在一个老熟人身上意外地发现了范围和力量。
Wisdom is like electricity.
智慧就像电。
There is no permanently wise man, but men capable of wisdom, who, being put into certain company, or other favorable conditions, become wise for a short time, as glasses rubbed acquire electric power for a while.
没有永远的聪明人，只有那些有智慧的人，他们在被置于一定的陪伴下，或其他有利的条件下，会在短时间内变得聪明，就像擦过的眼镜暂时获得电力一样。
But, while we look complacently at these obvious pleasures and values of good companions, I do not forget that Nature is always very much in earnest, and that her great gifts have something serious and stern.
但是，当我们沾沾自喜地看着这些明显的快乐和好伙伴的价值观时，我没有忘记大自然总是非常认真的，她伟大的天赋有一些严肃和严厉的东西。
When we look for the highest benefits of conversation, the Spartan rule of one to one is usually enforced.
当我们寻求对话的最大好处时，通常会执行一对一的斯巴达规则。
Discourse, when it rises highest and searches deepest, when it lifts us into that mood out of which thoughts come that remain as stars in our firmament, is between two.
当话语升得最高、探寻得最深时，当它把我们提升到那种情绪中时，思想就会从这种情绪中产生，而思想仍然像我们天空中的星星一样，它就处于两者之间。
COURAGE.
勇气。
COURAGE.
勇气。
I observe that there are three qualities which conspicuously attract the wonder and reverence of mankind:-- 1.
我观察到，有三种品质明显地吸引着人类的惊奇和崇敬：-- 1.
Disinterestedness, as shown in indifference to the ordinary bribes and influences of conduct,--a purpose so sincere and generous that it cannot be tempted aside by any prospects of wealth or other private advantage.
无私，表现为对普通贿赂和行为影响的漠不关心，这一目标是如此真诚和慷慨，以至于不会被任何财富前景或其他私人利益所诱惑。
Self-love is, in almost all men, such an overweight, that they are incredulous of a man’s habitual preference of the general good to his own; but when they see it proved by sacrifices of ease, wealth, rank, and of life itself, there is no limit to their admiration.
几乎所有的人都自爱过度，以至于他们不相信一个人习惯性地优先考虑公共利益而不是自己的利益。但当他们看到安逸、财富、地位和生命本身的牺牲证明了这一点时，他们的钦佩之情是无止境的。
This has made the power of the saints of the East and West, who have led the religion of great nations.
这成就了东西方圣人的力量，他们领导了大国的宗教。
Self-sacrifice is the real miracle out of which all the reported miracles grew.
自我牺牲是真正的奇迹，所有报道的奇迹都是由此产生的。
This makes the renown of the heroes of Greece and Rome,--of Socrates, Aristides, and Phocion; of Quintus Curtius, Cato, and Regulus; of Hatem Tai’s hospitality; of Chatham, whose scornful magnanimity gave him immense popularity; of Washington, giving his service to the public without salary or reward.
这使得希腊和罗马的英雄——苏格拉底、阿里斯蒂德斯和福基翁——声名远播；昆图斯·库尔提乌斯 (Quintus Curtius)、卡托 (Cato) 和雷古勒斯 (Regulus)；哈特姆泰的热情好客；查塔姆的轻蔑宽宏让他广受好评。华盛顿的总统，他为公众提供服务，没有薪水或报酬。
2
2
Practical power.
实用的力量。
Men admire the man who can organize their wishes and thoughts in stone and wood and steel and brass,--the man who can build the boat, who has the impiety to make the rivers run the way he wants them, who can lead his telegraph through the ocean from shore to shore; who, sitting in his closet, can lay out the plans of a campaign,--sea-war and land-war; such that the best generals and admirals, when all is done, see that they must thank him for success; the power of better combination and foresight, however exhibited, which, whether it only plays a game of chess, or whether, more loftily, a cunning mathematician, penetrating the cubic weights of stars, predicts the planet which eyes had never seen; or whether, exploring the chemical elements whereof we and the world are made, and seeing their secret, Franklin draws off the lightning in his hand, suggesting that one day a wiser geology shall make the earthquake harmless and the volcano an agricultural resource.
人们钦佩那些能够用石头、木头、钢铁和黄铜来组织自己的愿望和思想的人，一个能够造船的人，一个不虔诚地让河流按照他想要的方式流动的人，一个可以指挥他的电报的人。穿过海洋从一个海岸到另一个海岸；他坐在他的衣柜里，可以制定一场战役的计划——海战和陆战；这样，最优秀的将军和海军上将在一切完成后，都会意识到他们必须感谢他的成功；更好的组合和远见的力量，无论表现得如何，无论它只是下棋，还是更崇高地，一个狡猾的数学家，穿透恒星的立方重量，预测眼睛从未见过的行星；或者，富兰克林是否探索了构成我们和世界的化学元素，并看到了它们的秘密，并拉出了手中的闪电，暗示有一天，更明智的地质学将使地震变得无害，并使火山成为农业资源。
Or here is one who, seeing the wishes of men, knows how to come at their end; whispers to this friend, argues down that adversary, moulds society to his purpose, and looks at all men as wax for his hands,--takes command of them as the wind does of clouds, as the mother does of the child, or the man that knows more does of the man that knows less; and leads them in glad surprise to the very point where they would be: this man is followed with acclamation.
或者说，这个人看到了人们的愿望，就知道如何到达他们的终点；对这位朋友耳语，驳倒对手，按照他的目的塑造社会，并将所有人视为手上的蜡，——像风对云的指挥一样，就像母亲对孩子的指挥一样，或者像母亲对孩子的指挥一样。懂得多的人会做懂得少的人；并带领他们惊喜地到达他们将要到达的地方：这个人受到了热烈的掌声。
3
3
The third excellence is courage, the perfect will, which no terrors can shake, which is attracted by frowns or threats or hostile armies, nay, needs these to awake and fan its reserved energies into a pure flame, and is never quite itself until the hazard is extreme; then it is serene and fertile, and all its powers play well.
第三种卓越是勇气，完美的意志，任何恐惧都无法动摇，它会被皱眉、威胁或敌对军队所吸引，不仅如此，它需要这些来唤醒并将其保留的能量扇成纯粹的火焰，并且永远不会完全独立，直到危险是极端的；那么它就平静而富饶，所有的力量都发挥得很好。
There is a Hercules, an Achilles, a Rustem, an Arthur, or a Cid in the mythology of every nation; and in authentic history, a Leonidas, a Scipio, a Cæsar, a Richard Cœur de Lion, a Cromwell, a Nelson, a Great Condé, a Bertrand du Guesclin, a Doge Dandolo, a Napoleon, a Massena, and Ney.
每个民族的神话中都有赫拉克勒斯、阿喀琉斯、吕斯泰姆、亚瑟王或熙德。在真实的历史中，有列奥尼达、西庇阿、凯撒、理查德·库尔·德·莱恩、克伦威尔、纳尔逊、大孔德、贝特朗·杜盖克兰、丹多洛总督、拿破仑、马塞纳和内伊。
’Tis said courage is common, but the immense esteem in which it is held proves it to be rare.
据说勇气很常见，但它所受到的巨大尊重证明它是罕见的。
Animal resistance, the instinct of the male animal when cornered, is no doubt common; but the pure article, courage with eyes, courage with conduct, self-possession at the cannon’s mouth, cheerfulness in lonely adherence to the right, is the endowment of elevated characters.
动物的抵抗力是雄性动物在走投无路时的本能，这无疑是很常见的。但纯粹的文章、眼睛的勇气、行为的勇气、炮口处的沉着、孤独坚持正义时的快乐，是高尚品格的天赋。
I need not show how much it is esteemed, for the people give it the first rank.
我不必表明它有多么受人尊敬，因为人们把它放在第一位。
They forgive everything to it.
他们原谅了一切。
What an ado we make through two thousand years about Thermopylæ and Salamis! What a memory of Poitiers and Crecy, and Bunker Hill, and Washington’s endurance! And any man who puts his life in peril in a cause which is esteemed becomes the darling of all men.
两千多年来，我们对塞莫皮莱和萨拉米斯造成了多么大的麻烦啊！普瓦捷和克雷西、邦克山以及华盛顿的忍耐力是多么令人难忘啊！任何为了一项受人尊敬的事业而冒着生命危险的人都会成为所有人的宠儿。
The very nursery-books, the ballads which delight boys, the romances which delight men, the favorite topics of eloquence, the thunderous emphasis which orators give to every martial defiance and passage of arms, and which the people greet, may testify.
那些童书、让男孩们高兴的歌谣、让男人们高兴的浪漫故事、人们最喜欢的雄辩话题、演说家对每一次军事反抗和武力传递以及人们的欢迎的雷鸣般的强调，都可以证明这一点。
How short a time since this whole nation rose every morning to read or to hear the traits of courage of its sons and brothers in the field, and was never weary of the theme! We have had examples of men who, for showing effective courage on a single occasion, have become a favorite spectacle to nations, and must be brought in chariots to every mass meeting.
自从整个国家每天早上起床阅读或聆听其儿子和兄弟在战场上的勇气特质，并且从未厌倦这个主题以来，时间是多么短暂啊！我们有这样的例子，一些人因为在一次场合表现出有效的勇气，而成为各国最喜爱的奇观，并且必须被带上战车去参加每次群众集会。
Men are so charmed with valor, that they have pleased themselves with being called lions, leopards, eagles, and dragons, from the animals contemporary with us in the geologic formations.
人们如此着迷于英勇，以至于他们很高兴被称为狮子、豹子、鹰和龙，这些动物都是与我们同时代的地质构造中的动物。
But the animals have great advantage of us in precocity.
但动物比我们有很大的优势，就是早熟。
Touch the snapping-turtle with a stick, and he seizes it with his teeth.
用棍子碰一下鳄龟，他就会用牙齿咬住它。
Cut off his head, and the teeth will not let go the stick.
砍下他的头，牙也不肯放过棍子。
Break the egg of the young, and the little embryo, before yet the eyes are open, bites fiercely; these vivacious creatures contriving,--shall we say?--not only to bite after they are dead, but also to bite before they are born.
打碎幼鸟的蛋，小胚胎还没睁开眼睛，就猛烈地咬人；这些活泼的生物不仅在死后咬人，而且在出生前也咬人。
But man begins life helpless.
但人的生命开始时是无助的。
The babe is in paroxysms of fear the moment its nurse leaves it alone, and it comes so slowly to any power of self-protection, that mothers say the salvation of the life and health of a young child is a perpetual miracle.
当保姆离开婴儿的那一刻，婴儿就会陷入恐惧，而且他的自我保护能力是如此缓慢，以至于母亲们说，拯救一个幼儿的生命和健康是一个永恒的奇迹。
The terrors of the child are quite reasonable, and add to his loveliness; for his utter ignorance and weakness, and his enchanting indignation on such a small basis of capital, compel every by-stander to take his part.
这孩子的恐惧是很合理的，而且更增添了他的可爱之处。因为他的无知和软弱，以及他对如此微不足道的资本基础的令人着迷的愤慨，迫使每个旁观者都站在他的一边。
Every moment, as long as he is awake, he studies the use of his eyes, ears, hands, and feet, learning how to meet and avoid his dangers, and thus every hour loses one terror more.
每时每刻，只要他醒着，他就研究如何使用自己的眼睛、耳朵、手和脚，学习如何应对和避免危险，从而每过一个小时就多失去一种恐惧。
But this education stops too soon.
但这种教育结束得太早了。
A large majority of men being bred in families, and beginning early to be occupied day by day with some routine of safe industry, never come to the rough experiences that make the Indian, the soldier, or the frontiersman self-subsistent and fearless.
绝大多数在家庭中长大的男人，很早就开始日复一日地从事一些安全工业的例行公事，从未经历过使印第安人、士兵或拓荒者自给自足、无所畏惧的艰难经历。
Hence the high price of courage indicates the general timidity.
因此，勇气的高昂代价表明了普遍的胆怯。
“Mankind,” said Franklin, “are dastardly when they meet with opposition.” In war even, generals are seldom found eager to give battle.
富兰克林说：“人类在遇到反对时是卑鄙的。”即使在战争中，将军们也很少会热衷于战斗。
Lord Wellington said, “Uniforms were often masks”; and again, “When my journal appears, many statues must come down.” The Norse Sagas relate that when Bishop Magne reproved King Sigurd for his wicked divorce, the priest who attended the bishop, expecting every moment when the savage king would burst with rage and slay his superior, said “that he saw the sky no bigger than a calf-skin.” And I remember when a pair of Irish girls, who had been run away with in a wagon by a skittish horse, said that, when he began to rear, they were so frightened that they could not see the horse.
威灵顿勋爵说：“制服常常是面具”；再次，“当我的日记出现时，许多雕像必须被推倒。” 《挪威传奇》记载，当马格尼主教谴责西居尔国王邪恶的离婚行为时，侍候主教的牧师随时准备着这位野蛮国王会勃然大怒并杀死他的上司，他说：“他看到的天空不比天空大。”小牛皮。”我记得当时有两个爱尔兰女孩在马车上被一匹易受惊吓的马跑掉，她们说，当他开始后退时，她们非常害怕，以至于看不到那匹马。
Cowardice shuts the eyes till the sky is not larger than a calf-skin; shuts the eyes so that we cannot see the horse that is running away with us; worse, shuts the eyes of the mind and chills the heart.
懦弱闭眼，天不比牛皮大；闭上眼睛，这样我们就看不到正在和我们一起逃跑的马；更糟糕的是，它会闭上心灵的眼睛，使心灵变冷。
Fear is cruel and mean.
恐惧是残酷而卑鄙的。
The political reigns of terror have been reigns of madness and malignity,--a total perversion of opinion; society is upside down, and its best men are thought too bad to live.
恐怖的政治统治是疯狂和恶毒的统治——完全歪曲了观点；社会是颠倒的，最好的人被认为太糟糕了，无法生存。
Then the protection which a house, a family, neighborhood and property, even the first accumulation of savings, gives go in all times to generate this taint of the respectable classes.
然后，房子、家庭、邻居和财产，甚至是最初积累的储蓄所给予的保护，在任何时候都会产生这种受人尊敬的阶级的污点。
Voltaire said, “One of the chief misfortunes of honest people is that they are cowardly.” Those political parties which gather-in the well-disposed portion of the community,--how infirm and ignoble! what white lips they have! always on the defensive, as if the lead were intrusted to the journals, often written in great part by women and boys, who, without strength, wish to keep up the appearance of strength.
伏尔泰说：“诚实人的主要不幸之一就是他们胆怯。”那些聚集在社会上好心人士中的政党，是多么软弱和卑鄙！他们的嘴唇多么白啊！总是处于守势，就好像领导权被托付给了期刊，这些期刊通常由妇女和男孩撰写，他们没有力量，希望保持力量的外表。
They can do the hurras, the placarding, the flags,--and the voting, if it is a fair day; but the aggressive attitude of men who will have right done, will no longer be bothered with burglars and ruffians in the streets, counterfeiters in public offices, and thieves on the bench; that part, the part of the leader and soul of the vigilance committee, must be taken by stout and sincere men who are really angry and determined.
如果天气好的话，他们可以欢呼、张贴标语、举起旗帜，以及投票。但是，那些愿意做正确事的人，将不再受到街上的窃贼和恶棍、公职人员中的造假者和板凳上的小偷的困扰；这部分，即警戒委员会的领导者和灵魂部分，必须由真正愤怒和坚定的坚定而真诚的人来承担。
In ordinary, we have a snappish criticism which watches and contradicts the opposite party.
通常，我们有一种尖刻的批评，观察和反驳对方。
We want the will which advances and dictates.
我们需要前进和发号施令的意志。
When we get an advantage, as in Congress the other day, it is because our adversary has committed a fault, not that we have taken the initiative and given the law.
当我们获得优势时，就像前几天在国会一样，那是因为我们的对手犯了错误，而不是我们采取了主动并制定了法律。
Nature has made up her mind that what cannot defend itself shall not be defended.
大自然已经下定决心，无法保卫自己的东西就不会被保卫。
Complaining never so loud, and with never so much reason, is of no use.
抱怨从来没有这么响亮，也没有那么多理由，是没有用的。
One heard much cant of peace-parties long ago in Kansas and elsewhere, that their strength lay in the greatness of their wrongs, and dissuading all resistance, as if to make this strength greater.
很久以前，人们在堪萨斯和其他地方就听到了和平政党的许多花言巧语，他们说他们的力量在于他们所犯下的严重错误，并劝阻一切抵抗，仿佛是为了让这种力量变得更大。
But were their wrongs greater than the negro’s? and what kind of strength did they ever give him? It was always invitation to the tyrant, and bred disgust in those who would protect the victim.
但他们的错误比黑人的错误更大吗？他们给了他什么样的力量？这总是对暴君的邀请，并引起那些保护受害者的人的厌恶。
What cannot stand must fall; and the measure of our sincerity, and therefore of the respect of men, is the amount of health and wealth we will hazard in the defence of our right.
站不住的，必定跌倒；衡量我们的诚意以及对人的尊重的标准，是我们为捍卫我们的权利而冒着健康和财富的风险。
An old farmer, my neighbor across the fence, when I ask him if he is not going to town-meeting, says: “No; ’tis no use balloting, for it will not stay; but what you do with the gun will stay so.” Nature has charged every one with his own defence as with his own support, and the only title I can have to your help is when I have manfully put forth all the means I possess to keep me, and, being overborne by odds, the by-standers have a natural wish to interfere and see fair play.
一位老农民，我的邻居，隔着栅栏，当我问他是否不去参加城镇会议时，他说：“不；”投票是没有用的，因为它不会留下来；但你用枪所做的事情将保持不变。”大自然赋予每个人以自己的防御和支持，而我唯一能向你们提供帮助的权利就是当我勇敢地拿出我所拥有的一切手段来保住我时，并且，在困难重重的情况下， -观众自然希望干预并看到公平比赛。
But with this pacific education, we have no readiness for bad times.
但有了这种和平的教育，我们就没有为困难时期做好准备。
I am much mistaken if every man who went to the army in the late war had not a lively curiosity to know how he should behave in action.
如果每个在战争后期参军的人都没有强烈的好奇心去了解他在行动中应该如何表现，那我就大错特错了。
Tender, amiable boys, who had never encountered any rougher play than a base-ball match or a fishing excursion, were suddenly drawn up to face a bayonet charge or capture a battery.
温柔、和蔼可亲的男孩们从来没有遇到过比棒球比赛或钓鱼旅行更粗暴的比赛，他们突然被拉起来面对刺刀冲锋或夺取电池。
Of course, they must each go into that action with a certain despair.
当然，他们每个人都必须带着一定的绝望采取行动。
Each whispers to himself: “My exertions must be of small account to the result; only will the benignant Heaven save me from disgracing myself and my friends and my State.
每个人都自言自语道：“我的努力对于结果来说一定是微不足道的；只有仁慈的上天才能拯救我，使我免于让自己、我的朋友和我的国家蒙羞。
Die! O yes, I can well die; but I cannot afford to misbehave; and I do not know how I shall feel.” So great a soldier as the old French Marshal Montluc acknowledges that he has often trembled with fear, and recovered courage when he had said a prayer for the occasion.
死！哦，是的，我很可能会死；但我不能行为不端；我不知道我会有什么感觉。法国老元帅蒙吕克是一位如此伟大的士兵，他承认自己经常因恐惧而颤抖，但当他为此祈祷时又恢复了勇气。
I knew a young soldier who died in the early campaign, who confided to his sister that he had made up his mind to volunteer for the war.
我认识一位在早期战役中阵亡的年轻士兵，他向妹妹透露，他已决定志愿参战。
“I have not,” he said, “any proper courage, but I shall never let any one find it out.” And he had accustomed himself always to go into whatever place of danger, and do whatever he was afraid to do, setting a dogged resolution to resist this natural infirmity.
“我没有，”他说，“任何适当的勇气，但我永远不会让任何人发现这一点。”他已经习惯了自己总是去任何危险的地方，做任何他害怕做的事情，并下定决心来抵抗这种天生的弱点。
Coleridge has preserved an anecdote of an officer in the British Navy, who told him that when he, in his first boat expedition, a midshipman in his fourteenth year, accompanied Sir Alexander Ball, “as we were rowing up to the vessel we were to attack, amid a discharge of musketry, I was overpowered with fear, my knees shook, and I was ready to faint away.
柯勒律治保存了一位英国海军军官的轶事，这位军官告诉他，当他第一次乘船探险时，一名十四岁的见习官陪同亚历山大·鲍尔爵士，“当我们划船到船上时，我们要在枪林弹雨的袭击中，我被恐惧压倒了，我的膝盖发抖，我准备晕倒。
Lieutenant Ball seeing me, placed himself close beside me, took hold of my hand and whispered, ‘Courage, my dear boy! you will recover in a minute or so; I was just the same when I first went out in this way.’ It was as if an angel spoke to me.
鲍尔中尉看到了我，就靠近我，握住我的手，低声说道：“勇敢点，我亲爱的孩子！”您将在一分钟左右恢复；我第一次出去的时候也是这样。就好像天使在对我说话。
From that moment I was as fearless and as forward as the oldest of the boat’s crew.
从那一刻起，我就像船上最年长的船员一样无所畏惧、勇敢前行。
But I dare not think what would have become of me, if, at that moment, he had scoffed and exposed me.” Knowledge is the antidote to fear,--Knowledge, Use, and Reason, with its higher aids.
但我不敢想象，如果他在那一刻嘲笑我、揭露我，我会变成什么样子。”知识是恐惧的解药——知识、使用和理性，及其更高的帮助。
The child is as much in danger from a staircase, or the fire-grate, or a bath-tub, or a cat, as the soldier from a cannon or an ambush.
孩子面临来自楼梯、炉排、浴缸或猫的危险，就像士兵面临大炮或伏击的危险一样。
Each surmounts the fear as fast as he precisely understands the peril, and learns the means of resistance.
每个人只要准确地了解危险并学会抵抗手段，就能尽快克服恐惧。
Each is liable to panic, which is, exactly, the terror of ignorance surrendered to the imagination.
每个人都容易陷入恐慌，确切地说，这是无知的恐惧屈服于想象。
Knowledge is the encourager, knowledge that takes fear out of the heart, knowledge and use, which is knowledge in practice.
知识是鼓励者，知识消除心中的恐惧，知识和使用，就是实践中的知识。
They can conquer who believe they can.
他们可以征服那些相信他们可以的人。
It is he who has done the deed once who does not shrink from attempting it again.
做过一次的人不会畏惧再次尝试。
It is the groom who knows the jumping horse well who can safely ride him.
只有熟悉跳马的马夫才能安全地骑着它。
It is the veteran soldier, who, seeing the flash of the cannon, can step aside from the path of the ball.
正是老兵看到炮火的闪光，才能从球的路径上退开。
Use makes a better soldier than the most urgent considerations of duty,--familiarity with danger enabling him to estimate the danger.
使用比最紧迫的职责考虑更能造就一个更好的士兵——熟悉危险使他能够估计危险。
He sees how much is the risk, and is not afflicted with imagination; knows practically Marshal Saxe’s rule, that every soldier killed costs the enemy his weight in lead.
他知道风险有多大，并且不受想象力的困扰；人们几乎都知道萨克斯元帅的规则，即每杀死一名士兵，都会让敌人损失相当于同等重量的铅。
The sailor loses fear as fast as he acquires command of sails and spars and steam; the frontiersman, when he has a perfect rifle and has acquired a sure aim.
水手一旦掌握了帆、桅杆和蒸汽的控制权，就会很快失去恐惧。拓荒者，当他拥有一支完美的步枪并获得明确的目标时。
To the sailor’s experience every new circumstance suggests what he must do.
根据水手的经验，每一个新的情况都表明他必须做什么。
The terrific chances which make the hours and the minutes long to the passenger, he whiles away by incessant application of expedients and repairs.
巨大的机会使乘客的时间变得漫长，他通过不断地采取应急措施和修理来消磨时间。
To him a leak, a hurricane, or a water-spout is so much work--no more.
对他来说，一次漏水、一次飓风或一次水龙卷都是繁重的工作——仅此而已。
The hunter is not alarmed by bears, catamounts, or wolves, nor the grazier by his bull, nor the dog-breeder by his bloodhound, nor an Arab by the simoom, nor a farmer by a fire in the woods.
猎人不会因熊、猫或狼而惊慌，牧草人不会因公牛而惊慌，养狗者不会因猎犬而惊慌，阿拉伯人不会因西穆姆而惊慌，农夫也不会因森林中的火灾而惊慌。
The forest on fire looks discouraging enough to a citizen: the farmer is skilful to fight it.
对于一个公民来说，着火的森林看起来已经够令人沮丧的了：农民扑灭大火的技巧很娴熟。
The neighbors run together; with pine boughs they can mop out the flame, and, by raking with the hoe a long but little trench, confine to a patch the fire which would easily spread over a hundred acres.
邻居们一起奔跑；他们可以用松树枝把火扑灭，然后用锄头耙出一条又长又小的沟渠，把火限制在一小块地方，火很容易蔓延到一百多英亩。
In short, courage consists in equality to the problem before us.
简而言之，勇气在于平等地面对我们面前的问题。
The school-boy is daunted before his tutor by a question of arithmetic, because he does not yet command the simple steps of the solution which the boy beside him has mastered.
这个小学生在他的导师面前被一道算术问题吓倒了，因为他还不能掌握解决问题的简单步骤，而他旁边的男孩已经掌握了。
These once seen, he is as cool as Archimedes, and cheerily proceeds a step farther.
这些看过之后，他就如阿基米德一样冷静，欢快地向前迈出了一步。
Courage is equality to the problem, in affairs, in science, in trade, in council, or in action; consists in the conviction that the agents with whom you contend are not superior in strength or resources or spirit to you.
勇气是在事务、科学、贸易、议会或行动中对问题的平等对待；在于相信与你竞争的代理人在力量、资源或精神上并不比你优越。
The general must stimulate the mind of his soldiers to the perception that they are men, and the enemy is no more.
将军必须激发他的士兵的思想，让他们认识到他们是男人，敌人已不复存在。
Knowledge, yes; for the danger of dangers is illusion.
知识，是的；因为危险中的危险只是幻觉。
The eye is easily daunted; and the drums, flags, shining helmets, beard, and mustache of the soldier have conquered you long before his sword or bayonet reaches you.
眼睛很容易被吓倒；士兵的鼓、旗帜、闪亮的头盔、胡须和小胡子早在他的剑或刺刀到达你之前就征服了你。
But we do not exhaust the subject in the slight analysis; we must not forget the variety of temperaments, each of which qualifies this power of resistance.
但我们并没有在轻微的分析中穷尽这个主题；我们决不能忘记性情的多样性，每种性情都有资格抵抗这种力量。
It is observed that men with little imagination are less fearful; they wait till they feel pain, whilst others of more sensibility anticipate it, and suffer in the fear of the pang more acutely than in the pang.
据观察，缺乏想象力的人不那么害怕；他们等到感到疼痛，而其他更敏感的人却预见到了疼痛，并且在对剧痛的恐惧中比在剧痛中更痛苦。
’Tis certain that the threat is sometimes more formidable than the stroke, and ’tis possible that the beholders suffer more keenly than the victims.
可以肯定的是，威胁有时比中风更可怕，旁观者可能比受害者更痛苦。
Bodily pain is superficial, seated usually in the skin and the extremities, for the sake of giving us warning to put us on our guard; not in the vitals, where the rupture that produces death is perhaps not felt, and the victim never knew what hurt him.
身体的疼痛是表面的，通常位于皮肤和四肢，是为了警告我们要提高警惕；不是在生命体中，那里可能感觉不到导致死亡的破裂，受害者永远不知道是什么伤害了他。
Pain is superficial, and therefore fear is.
痛苦是表面的，因此恐惧也是表面的。
The torments of martyrdoms are probably most keenly felt by the by-standers.
旁观者可能最切身地感受到殉难的痛苦。
The torments are illusory.
那些折磨都是虚幻的。
The first suffering is the last suffering, the later hurts being lost on insensibility.
第一个痛苦就是最后一个痛苦，后来的痛苦是因麻木不仁而迷失。
Our affections and wishes for the external welfare of the hero tumultuously rush to expression in tears and outcries; but we, like him, subside into indifferency and defiance, when we perceive how short is the longest arm of malice, how serene is the sufferer.
我们对英雄外在幸福的感情和愿望，在泪水和呼喊中汹涌澎湃地表达出来；但是，当我们意识到最长的恶意之臂是多么短，而受害者是多么平静时，我们就像他一样，陷入了冷漠和蔑视。
It is plain that there is no separate essence called courage, no cup or cell in the brain, no vessel in the heart containing drops or atoms that make or give this virtue; but it is the right or healthy state of every man, when he is free to do that which is constitutional to him to do.
很明显，不存在称为勇气的独立本质，大脑中不存在杯子或细胞，心脏中也不存在含有制造或赋予这种美德的水滴或原子的血管；它们只是一种美德。但这是每个人的权利或健康状态，因为他可以自由地做他宪法规定要做的事情。
It is directness,--the instant performing of that which he ought.
这就是直接，即立即做他应该做的事。
The thoughtful man says, you differ from me in opinion and methods; but do you not see that I cannot think or act otherwise than I do? that my way of living is organic? And to be really strong we must adhere to our own means.
有思想的人说，你和我的观点不同，方法不同；但你难道没有看到我不能以不同于我的方式思考或行动吗？我的生活方式是有机的吗？而要想真正强大，我们就必须坚持自己的手段。
On organic action all strength depends.
一切力量都取决于有机行动。
Hear what women say of doing a task by sheer force of will: it costs them a fit of sickness.
听听女性如何评价纯粹依靠意志力完成任务：这会让她们生病。
Plutarch relates that the Pythoness who tried to prophesy without command in the Temple at Delphi, though she performed the usual rites, and inhaled the air of the cavern standing on the tripod, fell into convulsions, and died.
普鲁塔克记载说，在德尔菲神庙中，一位试图在无人指挥的情况下预言的女派，尽管她进行了通常的仪式，并站在三脚架上吸入了洞穴的空气，但她陷入了抽搐，然后死了。
Undoubtedly there is a temperamental courage, a warlike blood, which loves a fight, does not feel itself except in a quarrel, as one sees in wasps, or ants, or cocks, or cats.
毫无疑问，存在着一种性情中的勇气，一种好战的血液，热爱战斗，除了在争吵中之外不会感觉到自己，就像人们在黄蜂、蚂蚁、公鸡或猫身上看到的那样。
The like vein appears in certain races of men and in individuals of every race.
类似的脉络也出现在某些人类种族和每个种族的个人身上。
In every school there are certain fighting boys; in every society, the contradicting men; in every town, bravoes and bullies, better or worse dressed, fancy-men, patrons of the cock-pit and the ring.
每所学校里都有一些打架的男孩；在每个社会中，都有矛盾的人；在每个城镇里，都有好斗者和恶霸，无论衣着好坏，都是花哨的人，是驾驶舱和拳击场的赞助人。
Courage is temperamental, scientific, ideal.
勇气是有气质的、科学的、理想的。
Swedenborg has left this record of his king: “Charles XII., of Sweden, did not know what that was which others called fear, nor what that spurious valor and daring that is excited by inebriating draughts, for he never tasted any liquid but pure water.
史威登堡留下了他的国王的记录：“瑞典的查理十二世不知道什么是其他人所谓的恐惧，也不知道什么是醉酒所激发的虚假的英勇和大胆，因为他从未尝过除了纯净之外的任何液体。水。
Of him we may say, that he led a life more remote from death, and in fact lived more, than any other man.” It was told of the Prince of Condé, “that there not being a more furious man in the world, danger in fight never disturbs him more than just to make him civil, and to command in words of great obligation to his officers and men, and without any the least disturbance to his judgment or spirit.” Each has his own courage, as his own talent; but the courage of the tiger is one, and of the horse another.
对于他，我们可以说，他的生活比任何其他人都更远离死亡，而且实际上活得更久。”有人告诉孔代亲王，“世界上没有比他更愤怒的人了，战斗中的危险从来不会比他更让他不安，这只是为了让他变得文明，并以对他的军官和士兵的极大义务的言语来指挥，并且不会对他的判断力或精神造成任何干扰。”各人有各人的勇气，各人有各人的才能；但虎的勇是一，马的勇是另一。
The dog that scorns to fight, will fight for his master.
不屑打斗的狗，会为主人而战。
The llama that will carry a load if you caress him, will refuse food and die if he is scourged.
如果你抚摸它，美洲驼就会负重，如果它受到鞭打，它就会拒绝进食并死亡。
The fury of onset is one, and of calm endurance another.
发作时的狂暴是一回事，平静的忍耐又是另一回事。
There is a courage of the cabinet as well as a courage of the field; a courage of manners in private assemblies, and another in public assemblies; a courage which enables one man to speak masterly to a hostile company, whilst another man who can easily face a cannon’s mouth dares not open his own.
有内阁的勇气，也有战场的勇气；在私人集会上有礼貌，在公共集会上有礼貌；这种勇气使一个人能够在敌对的团体面前雄辩地讲话，而另一个人可以轻松地面对大炮的嘴却不敢张开自己的嘴。
There is a courage of a merchant in dealing with his trade, by which dangerous turns of affairs are met and prevailed over.
商人在做生意时要有勇气，通过这种勇气来应对并战胜危险的事态发展。
Merchants recognize as much gallantry, well judged too, in the conduct of a wise and upright man of business, in difficult times, as soldiers in a soldier.
商人们认为，在困难时期，明智而正直的商人的行为表现出英勇的精神，而且判断力也很好，就像士兵对士兵的评价一样。
There is a courage in the treatment of every art by a master in architecture, in sculpture, in painting, or in poetry, each cheering the mind of the spectator or receiver as by true strokes of genius, which yet nowise implies the presence of physical valor in the artist.
建筑、雕塑、绘画或诗歌大师在对待每一种艺术时都充满勇气，每一种艺术都像天才的真正笔触一样振奋观众或接受者的心灵，但这丝毫不暗示物理的存在。艺术家的勇气。
This is the courage of genius, in every kind.
这就是各种天才的勇气。
A certain quantity of power belongs to a certain quantity of faculty.
一定数量的权力属于一定数量的能力。
The beautiful voice at church goes sounding on, and covers up in its volume, as in a cloak, all the defects of the choir.
教堂里美妙的歌声继续响起，它的音量就像一件斗篷一样掩盖了唱诗班的所有缺陷。
The singers, I observe, all yield to it, and so the fair singer indulges her instinct, and dares, and dares, because she knows she can.
我观察到，歌手们都屈服于它，所以美丽的歌手放纵她的本能，并且敢，敢，因为她知道她可以。
It gives the cutting edge to every profession.
它为每个职业提供了前沿。
The judge puts his mind to the tangle of contradictions in the case, squarely accosts the question, and, by not being afraid of it, by dealing with it as business which must be disposed of, he sees presently that common arithmetic and common methods apply to this affair.
法官把心思放在案件中错综复杂的矛盾上，直截了当地回答问题，并且不害怕它，把它当作必须处理的事情来处理，他很快就看到通用的算术和通用的方法适用对这件事。
Perseverance strips it of all peculiarity, and ranges it on the same ground as other business.
坚持不懈地剥夺了它的所有特殊性，并将其置于与其他业务相同的基础上。
Morphy played a daring game in chess: the daring was only an illusion of the spectator, for the player sees his move to be well fortified and safe.
莫菲在国际象棋中下了一场大胆的棋：这种大胆只是观众的幻觉，因为玩家认为他的棋步是坚固且安全的。
You may see the same dealing in criticism; a new book astonishes for a few days, takes itself out of common jurisdiction, and nobody knows what to say of it: but the scholar is not deceived.
你可能会在批评中看到同样的处理方式；一本新书震惊了几天，脱离了共同的管辖范围，没有人知道该说些什么：但学者并没有被欺骗。
The old principles which books exist to express are more beautiful than any book; and out of love of the reality he is an expert judge how far the book has approached it and where it has come short.
书籍所要表达的古老原则比任何一本书都更美丽；出于对现实的热爱，他是这本书与现实的差距和不足的专家。
In all applications ’tis the same power,--the habit of reference to one’s own mind, as the home of all truth and counsel, and which can easily dispose of any book because it can very well do without all books.
在所有的应用中，这都是同样的力量——参考自己的思想的习惯，作为所有真理和建议的家园，它可以轻松地处理任何一本书，因为它可以很好地处理没有所有书籍的情况。
When a confident man comes into a company magnifying this or that author he has freshly read, the company grow silent and ashamed of their ignorance.
当一个自信的人进入一家公司，夸大他刚读过的这位或那位作家时，公司就会变得沉默，并为他们的无知感到羞耻。
But I remember the old professor, whose searching mind engraved every word he spoke on the memory of the class, when we asked if he had read this or that shining novelty, “No, I have never read that book”; instantly the book lost credit, and was not to be heard of again.
但我记得那位老教授，他敏锐的头脑把他所说的每一个字都铭刻在全班同学的记忆中，当我们问他是否读过这本或那本闪亮的新奇书时，“不，我从来没有读过那本书”;这本书立即失去了信誉，再也没有人听说过。
Every creature has a courage of his constitution fit for his duties:--Archimedes, the courage of a geometer to stick to his diagram, heedless of the siege and sack of the city; and the Roman soldier his faculty to strike at Archimedes.
每个生物都有一种适合其职责的勇气：——阿基米德，几何学家的勇气，坚持他的图表，不顾城市的围困和洗劫；罗马士兵则有能力攻击阿基米德。
Each is strong, relying on his own, and each is betrayed when he seeks in himself the courage of others.
每个人都很坚强，依靠自己的力量，但当他在自己身上寻求别人的勇气时，每个人都会被背叛。
Captain John Brown, the hero of Kansas, said to me in conversation, that “for a settler in a new country, one good, believing, strong-minded man is worth a hundred, nay, a thousand men without character; and that the right men will give a permanent direction to the fortunes of a state.
堪萨斯州的英雄约翰·布朗上尉在谈话中对我说，“对于一个新国家的定居者来说，一个善良、有信仰、意志坚强的人胜过一百个，不，一千个没有品格的人；一个人是一个善良的、有信仰的、意志坚强的人，胜过一百个，不，一千个没有品格的人；”正确的人将为国家的命运提供永久的方向。
As for the bullying drunkards, of which armies are usually made up, he thought cholera, small-pox, and consumption as valuable recruits.” He held the belief that courage and chastity are silent concerning themselves.
至于军队中通常由那些恃强凌弱的酒鬼组成的队伍，他认为霍乱、天花和肺结核都是有价值的新兵。”他坚信勇气和贞洁对自己是沉默的。
He said, “As soon as I hear one of my men say, ‘Ah, let me only get my eye on such a man, I’ll bring him down,’ I don’t expect much aid in the fight from that talker.
他说：“一旦我听到我的一个手下说，‘啊，让我只关注这样一个人，我会把他打倒，’我不指望那个说话的人在战斗中提供太多帮助。
’Tis the quiet, peaceable men, the men of principle, that make the best soldiers.” “’Tis still observed those men most valiant are Who are most modest ere they came to war.” True courage is not ostentatious; men who wish to inspire terror seem thereby to confess themselves cowards.
安静、平和、有原则的人才能成为最好的士兵。” “人们仍然观察到，那些最勇敢的人在参战之前却是最谦虚的。”真正的勇敢不是张扬；那些想要煽动恐怖的人似乎因此承认自己是懦夫。
Why do they rely on it, but because they know how potent it is with themselves? The true temper has genial influences.
他们为什么要依赖它，而是因为他们知道它对自己有多么强大？真实的脾气会产生和蔼可亲的影响。
It makes a bond of union between enemies.
它在敌人之间建立了联盟的纽带。
Governor Wise of Virginia, in the record of his first interviews with his prisoner, appeared to great advantage.
弗吉尼亚州州长怀斯在第一次与囚犯会面的记录中似乎占据了很大的优势。
If Governor Wise is a superior man, or inasmuch as he is a superior man, he distinguishes John Brown.
如果怀斯总督是一个君子，或者说就他本身而言，他就是一个君子，他将约翰·布朗区别开来。
As they confer, they understand each other swiftly; each respects the other.
当他们交谈时，他们很快就能理解对方；每个人都尊重对方。
If opportunity allowed, they would prefer each other’s society and desert their former companions.
如果机会允许，他们会更喜欢彼此的社会而抛弃以前的同伴。
Enemies would become affectionate.
敌人会变得亲密。
Hector and Achilles, Richard and Saladin, Wellington and Soult, General Daumas and Abdel Kader, become aware that they are nearer and more alike than any other two, and, if their nation and circumstance did not keep them apart, would run into each other’s arms.
赫克托和阿喀琉斯、理查和萨拉丁、威灵顿和苏尔特、道马斯将军和阿卜杜勒·卡德尔，意识到他们比其他任何两个人都更接近、更相似，而且，如果他们的国家和环境没有使他们分开，他们会遇到彼此的武器。
See too what good contagion belongs to it.
也看看它属于什么好的传染力。
Everywhere it finds its own with magnetic affinity.
它无处不在，具有磁性的亲和力。
Courage of the soldier awakes the courage of woman.
士兵的勇气唤醒女人的勇气。
Florence Nightingale brings lint and the blessing of her shadow.
弗洛伦斯·南丁格尔带来了绒毛和她影子的祝福。
Heroic women offer themselves as nurses of the brave veteran.
英雄妇女自愿成为勇敢老兵的护士。
The troop of Virginian infantry that had marched to guard the prison of John Brown ask leave to pay their respects to the prisoner.
前去守卫约翰·布朗监狱的弗吉尼亚步兵部队请假向这位囚犯表示敬意。
Poetry and eloquence catch the hint, and soar to a pitch unknown before.
诗歌和雄辩抓住了暗示，飙升到了前所未有的高度。
Everything feels the new breath, except the old doting, nigh-dead politicians, whose heart the trumpet of resurrection could not wake.
一切都感受到了新的气息，除了那些溺爱的、濒临死亡的老政客，复活的号角无法唤醒他们的心。
The charm of the best courages is that they are inventions, inspirations, flashes of genius.
最好的勇气的魅力就在于它们是发明、灵感和天才的灵光一闪。
The hero could not have done the feat at another hour, in a lower mood.
英雄不可能在心情低落的情况下完成这一壮举。
The best act of the marvellous genius of Greece was its first act; not in the statue or the Parthenon, but in the instinct which, at Thermopylæ, held Asia at bay, kept Asia out of Europe,--Asia with its antiquities and organic slavery,--from corrupting the hope and new morning of the West.
希腊天才的最佳表演是他的第一幕。不是在雕像或帕特农神庙，而是在温泉关，将亚洲拒之门外，使亚洲远离欧洲——亚洲及其古物和有机奴隶制——的本能，以免腐蚀西方的希望和新的早晨。
The statue, the architecture, were the later and inferior creation of the same genius.
雕像、建筑都是同一位天才后来的、低劣的创作。
In view of this moment of history, we recognize a certain prophetic instinct better than wisdom.
鉴于这一历史时刻，我们比智慧更能认识到某种预言本能。
Napoleon said well, “My hand is immediately connected with my head”; but the _sacred_ courage is connected with the heart.
拿破仑说得好，“我的手立即与我的头相连”；但神圣的勇气是与心相连的。
The head is a half, a fraction, until it is enlarged and inspired by the moral sentiment.
头脑是一半、一小部分，直到它被放大并受到道德情感的启发。
For it is not the means on which we draw, as health or wealth, practical skill or dexterous talent, or multitudes of followers, that count, but the aims only.
因为重要的不是我们所依靠的手段，如健康或财富、实践技能或灵巧的才能、或众多的追随者，而是目标。
The aim reacts back on the means.
目的反作用于手段。
A great aim aggrandizes the means.
伟大的目标会强化手段。
The meal and water that are the commissariat of the _forlorn hope_ that stake their lives to defend the pass are sacred as the Holy Grail, or as if one had eyes to see in chemistry the fuel that is rushing to feed the sun.
粮食和水是那些冒着生命危险保卫关口的“绝望的希望”的粮食，它们像圣杯一样神圣，或者就像人们有眼睛可以在化学中看到正在奔流喂养太阳的燃料一样。
There is a persuasion in the soul of man that he is here for cause, that he was put down in this place by the Creator to do the work for which he inspires him, that thus he is an overmatch for all antagonists that could combine against him.
人的灵魂中有一种信念，他在这里是有原因的，他被造物主放在这个地方去做他激励他做的工作，因此他是所有可以联合起来反对的对手的对手。他。
The pious Mrs.
虔诚的夫人
Hutchinson says of some passages in the defence of Nottingham against the Cavaliers, “It was a great instruction that the best and highest courages are beams of the Almighty.” And whenever the religious sentiment is adequately affirmed, it must be with dazzling courage.
哈钦森谈到诺丁汉对阵骑士队的防守中的一些段落，“这是一个伟大的指示，最好和最高的勇气是全能者的光束。”而每当宗教情感得到充分肯定时，就必须具有令人眼花缭乱的勇气。
As long as it is cowardly insinuated, as with the wish to succor some partial and temporary interest, or to make it affirm some pragmatical tenet which our parish church receives to-day, it is not imparted, and cannot inspire or create.
只要它是怯懦地暗示的，比如希望救助某些局部和暂时的利益，或者使其肯定我们教区教会今天所接受的某些实用主义信条，它就不会被传授，也无法激发或创造。
For it is always new, leads and surprises, and practice never comes up with it.
因为它总是新的、有引导性的、有惊喜的，而练习永远不会出现它。
There are ever appearing in the world men who, almost as soon as they are born, take a bee-line to the rack of the inquisitor, the axe of the tyrant, like Jordano Bruno, Vanini, Huss, Paul, Jesus, and Socrates.
世界上曾经出现过这样的人，他们几乎一出生就直奔审判官的刑架、暴君的斧头，如乔丹诺·布鲁诺、瓦尼尼、胡斯、保罗、耶稣和苏格拉底。 。
Look at Fox’s Lives of the Martyrs, Sewel’s History of the Quakers, Southey’s Book of the Church, at the folios of the Brothers Bollandi, who collected the lives of twenty-five thousand martyrs, confessors, ascetics, and self-tormentors.
看看福克斯的《烈士传》、休厄尔的《贵格会史》、骚塞的《教会之书》，看看博兰迪兄弟的对开本，他们收集了两万五千名烈士、忏悔者、苦行者和自我折磨者的生活。
There is much of fable, but a broad basis of fact.
有很多寓言，但有广泛的事实基础。
The tender skin does not shrink from bayonets, the timid woman is not scared by fagots; the rack is not frightful, nor the rope ignominious.
娇嫩的肌肤不畏刺刀，胆怯的女人不畏惧柴火；架子并不可怕，绳子也不可耻。
The poor Puritan, Antony Parsons, at the stake, tied straw on his head, when the fire approached him, and said, “This is God’s hat.” Sacred courage indicates that a man loves an idea better than all things in the world; that he is aiming neither at pelf or comfort, but will venture all to put in act the invisible thought in his mind.
可怜的清教徒安东尼·帕森斯在火刑柱上，当火接近他时，他把稻草绑在头上，说：“这是上帝的帽子。”神圣的勇气表明一个人热爱一个想法胜过热爱世界上的一切；他的目标既不是为了财富，也不是为了舒适，而是为了将心中无形的想法付诸行动。
He is everywhere a liberator, but of a freedom that is ideal; not seeking to have land or money or conveniences, but to have no other limitation than that which his own constitution imposes.
他到处都是解放者，但他的自由是理想的。不寻求拥有土地、金钱或便利，而是除了他自己的宪法所强加的限制之外没有其他限制。
He is free to speak truth; he is not free to lie.
他有说真话的自由；他没有撒谎的自由。
He wishes to break every yoke all over the world which hinders his brother from acting after his thought.
他希望打破世界上所有阻碍他的兄弟按照他的想法行事的枷锁。
There are degrees of courage, and each step upward makes us acquainted with a higher virtue.
勇气是有等级的，每向上一步都让我们熟悉更高的美德。
Let us say then frankly that the education of the will is the object of our existence.
那么让我们坦白地说，意志的教育是我们存在的目的。
Poverty, the prison, the rack, the fire, the hatred and execrations of our fellow-men, appear trials beyond the endurance of common humanity; but to the hero whose intellect is aggrandized by the soul, and so measures these penalties against the good which his thought surveys, these terrors vanish as darkness at sunrise.
贫穷、监狱、刑架、火灾、同胞的仇恨和咒骂，似乎超出了普通人性的承受范围。但对于英雄来说，他的智力被灵魂增强了，因此用这些惩罚来衡量他的思想所审视的善，这些恐惧就像日出时的黑暗一样消失了。
We have little right in piping times of peace to pronounce on these rare heights of character; but there is no assurance of security.
我们没有权利在和平时期对这些罕见的品格高度发表评论；但没有安全保证。
In the most private life, difficult duty is never far off.
在最私人的生活中，艰巨的任务永远不会遥远。
Therefore we must think with courage.
因此，我们必须勇敢地思考。
Scholars and thinkers are prone to an effeminate habit, and shrink if a coarser shout comes up from the street, or a brutal act is recorded in the journals.
学者和思想家容易养成女性化的习惯，如果街上传来粗俗的叫喊声，或者日记中记录了残酷的行为，他们就会退缩。
The Medical College piles up in its museum its grim monsters of morbid anatomy, and there are melancholy sceptics with a taste for carrion who batten on the hideous facts in history,--persecutions, inquisitions, St.
医学院的博物馆里堆满了病态解剖学的可怕怪物，还有一些喜欢吃腐肉的忧郁怀疑论者，他们利用历史上的可怕事实——迫害、审问、圣约翰。
Bartholomew massacres, devilish lives, Nero, Cæsar, Borgia, Marat, Lopez,--men in whom every ray of humanity was extinguished, parricides, matricides, and whatever moral monsters.
巴塞洛缪大屠杀，恶魔般的生活，尼禄、凯撒、博吉亚、马拉、洛佩兹——这些人身上的每一缕人性光芒都被泯灭了，还有弑父、弑母以及其他道德怪物。
These are not cheerful facts, but they do not disturb a healthy mind; they require of us a patience as robust as the energy that attacks us, and an unresting exploration of final causes.
这些都不是令人愉快的事实，但它们不会扰乱健康的心灵；它们需要我们像攻击我们的能量一样强大的耐心，以及对最终原因的不断探索。
Wolf, snake, and crocodile are not inharmonious in nature, but are made useful as checks, scavengers, and pioneers; and we must have a scope as large as Nature’s to deal with beast-like men, detect what scullion function is assigned them, and foresee in the secular melioration of the planet how these will become unnecessary, and will die out.
狼、蛇和鳄鱼在本质上并非不和谐，但它们可以作为阻击者、清道夫和开拓者。我们必须拥有与大自然一样大的视野来对付野兽般的人类，发现他们被赋予了什么仆人职能，并预见到在地球的世俗改善中，这些人将如何变得不必要，并将消失。
He has not learned the lesson of life who does not every day surmount a fear.
没有每天克服恐惧的人就没有学到生活的教训。
I do not wish to put myself or any man into a theatrical position, or urge him to ape the courage of his comrade.
我不想让我自己或任何人陷入戏剧性的境地，或者敦促他效仿他的同志的勇气。
Have the courage not to adopt another’s courage.
有勇气不采用别人的勇气。
There is scope and cause and resistance enough for us in our proper work and circumstance.
在我们适当的工作和环境中，有足够的范围、原因和阻力。
And there is no creed of an honest man, be he Christian, Turk, or Gentoo, which does not equally preach it.
诚实人的信条，无论是基督徒、土耳其人还是巴布亚人，都同样宣扬着它。
If you have no faith in beneficent power above you, but see only an adamantine fate coiling its folds about nature and man, then reflect that the best use of fate is to teach us courage, if only because baseness cannot change the appointed event.
如果你对高于你的仁慈力量没有信心，而只看到一种坚定的命运盘旋在自然和人类身上，那么请反思一下，命运的最佳利用就是教会我们勇气，即使只是因为卑鄙无法改变指定的事件。
If you accept your thoughts as inspirations from the Supreme Intelligence, obey them when they prescribe difficult duties, because they come only so long as they are used; or, if your scepticism reaches to the last verge, and you have no confidence in any foreign mind, then be brave, because there is one good opinion which must always be of consequence to you, namely, your own.
如果你接受你的思想是来自最高智慧的灵感，那么当它们规定困难的职责时就服从它们，因为它们只有在被使用时才会出现；或者，如果你的怀疑主义达到了最后的边缘，并且你对任何外国思想都没有信心，那么要勇敢，因为有一种好的观点必须永远对你产生影响，那就是你自己的观点。
*       *       *       *       * I am permitted to enrich my chapter by adding an anecdote of pure courage from real life, as narrated in a ballad by a lady to whom all the particulars of the fact are exactly known.
* * * * * 我被允许通过添加来自现实生活的纯粹勇气的轶事来丰富我的章节，正如一位女士在民谣中所叙述的那样，她对事实的所有细节都一清二楚。
GEORGE NIDIVER.
乔治·尼迪弗。
Men have done brave deeds, And bards have sung them well: I of good George Nidiver Now the tale will tell.
人们做出了勇敢的事迹，吟游诗人也把它们唱得很好：我是好人乔治·尼迪弗，现在这个故事将讲述。
In Californian mountains A hunter bold was he: Keen his eye and sure his aim As any you should see.
在加利福尼亚山区，他是一位勇敢的猎人：他的眼睛敏锐，目标明确，正如您所看到的那样。
A little Indian boy Followed him everywhere, Eager to share the hunter’s joy, The hunter’s meal to share.
一个印度小男孩到处跟着他，渴望分享猎人的喜悦，分享猎人的美食。
And when the bird or deer Fell by the hunter’s skill, The boy was always near To help with right good-will.
当鸟或鹿被猎人的技巧击倒时，男孩总是在附近以正确的善意提供帮助。
One day as through the cleft Between two mountains steep, Shut in both right and left, Their questing way they keep, They see two grizzly bears With hunger fierce and fell Rush at them unawares Right down the narrow dell.
有一天，穿过陡峭的两座山之间的裂缝，左右两边都被封闭，他们保持着探索的方式，他们看到两只灰熊饥饿难忍，倒在了狭窄的山谷里，毫无防备地向他们冲来。
The boy turned round with screams, And ran with terror wild; One of the pair of savage beasts Pursued the shrieking child.
男孩尖叫着转过身来，惊恐得狂奔；一对凶兽中的一只追赶着尖叫的孩子。
The hunter raised his gun,-- He knew _one_ charge was all,-- And through the boy’s pursuing foe He sent his only ball.
猎人举起枪，——他知道一次冲锋就够了，——通过男孩追击的敌人，他射出了他唯一的球。
The other on George Nidiver Came on with dreadful pace: The hunter stood unarmed, And met him face to face.
乔治·尼迪弗的另一个人以可怕的步伐走来：猎人手无寸铁地站着，面对面地遇见了他。
I say _unarmed_ he stood.
我说他手无寸铁地站着。
Against those frightful paws The rifle but, or club of wood, Could stand no more than straws.
面对那些可怕的爪子，步枪，或者木棍，只能抵挡住稻草。
George Nidiver stood still And looked him in the face; The wild beast stopped amazed, Then came with slackening pace.
乔治·尼迪弗站着不动，看着他的脸；野兽惊讶地停下来，然后放慢了脚步。
Still firm the hunter stood, Although his heart beat high; Again the creature stopped, And gazed with wondering eye.
猎人依然坚定地站着，尽管他的心跳加快；那生物再次停了下来，用疑惑的眼睛凝视着。
The hunter met his gaze, Nor yet an inch gave way; The bear turned slowly round, And slowly moved away.
猎人与他四目相对，没有丝毫退让；熊慢慢地转过身来，慢慢地走开了。
What thoughts were in his mind It would be hard to spell: What thoughts were in George Nidiver I rather guess than tell.
他脑子里在想什么 很难拼写：乔治·尼迪弗脑子里在想什么，我宁愿猜测，也不愿告诉。
But sure that rifle’s aim, Swift choice of generous part, Showed in its passing gleam The depths of a brave heart.
但确定步枪的目标，迅速选择慷慨的部分，在其掠过的光芒中显示出一颗勇敢的心的深处。
SUCCESS.
成功。
SUCCESS.
成功。
Our American people cannot be taxed with slowness in performance or in praising their performance.
我们的美国人民不能因为表现缓慢或赞扬他们的表现而受到责备。
The earth is shaken by our engineries.
大地因我们的机械而震动。
We are feeling our youth and nerve and bone.
我们感受到我们的青春、神经和骨骼。
We have the power of territory and of sea-coast, and know the use of these.
我们拥有领土和海岸的力量，并且知道如何使用这些力量。
We count our census, we read our growing valuations, we survey our map, which becomes old in a year or two.
我们计算人口普查，我们阅读不断增长的估值，我们调查我们的地图，它在一两年内就会变得陈旧。
Our eyes run approvingly along the lengthened lines of railroad and telegraph.
我们的目光赞许地扫过延长的铁路和电报线。
We have gone nearest to the Pole.
我们已经到达距离极地最近的地方了。
We have discovered the Antarctic continent.
我们发现了南极大陆。
We interfere in Central and South America, at Canton, and in Japan; we are adding to an already enormous territory.
我们干涉中美洲、南美洲，干涉广州，干涉日本；我们正在扩大本已巨大的领土。
Our political constitution is the hope of the world, and we value ourselves on all these feats.
我们的政治宪法是世界的希望，我们以所有这些成就来珍视自己。
’Tis the way of the world; ’tis the law of youth, and of unfolding strength.
这就是世界的方式；这是青春的法则，也是展现力量的法则。
Men are made each with some triumphant superiority, which, through some adaptation of fingers, or ear, or eye, or ciphering, or pugilistic or musical or literary craft, enriches the community with a new art; and not only we, but all men of European stock value these certificates.
每个人都具有某种胜利的优越性，通过手指、耳朵、眼睛、密码、拳击、音乐或文学技巧的某种适应，这种优越性用新的艺术丰富了社会；不仅是我们，所有欧洲人都珍视这些证书。
Giotto could draw a perfect circle; Erwin of Steinbach could build a minster; Olaf, king of Norway, could run round his galley on the blades of the oars of the rowers, when the ship was in motion; Ojeda could run out swiftly on a plank projected from the top of a tower, turn round swiftly, and come back; Evelyn writes from Rome: “Bernini, the Florentine sculptor, architect, painter, and poet, a little before my coming to Rome, gave a public opera, wherein he painted the scenes, cut the statues, invented the engines, composed the music, writ the comedy, and built the theatre.” “There is nothing in war,” said Napoleon, “which I cannot do by my own hands.
乔托可以画一个完美的圆；斯坦巴赫的埃尔文可以建造一座大教堂；当船行驶时，挪威国王奥拉夫可以用桨手的桨叶绕着他的厨房奔跑。奥赫达可以在塔顶伸出的一块木板上迅速跑出去，然后迅速转身再回来；伊芙琳在罗马写道：“贝尔尼尼，佛罗伦萨雕塑家、建筑师、画家和诗人，在我来罗马之前不久，举办了一场公共歌剧，其中他画了场景，切割了雕像，发明了引擎，创作了音乐，写喜剧，建剧院。”拿破仑说：“战争中没有什么是我用自己的双手做不到的。
If there is nobody to make gunpowder, I can manufacture it.
如果没有人制造火药，我可以制造。
The gun-carriages I know how to construct.
我知道如何建造炮架。
If it is necessary to make cannons at the forge, I can make them.
如果需要在锻造厂制造大炮，我可以制造。
The details of working them in battle, if it is necessary to teach, I shall teach them.
战斗的细节，如果需要教的话，我会教他们。
In administration, it is I alone who have arranged the finances, as you know.” It is recorded of Linnæus, among many proofs of his beneficent skill, that when the timber in the shipyards of Sweden was ruined by rot, Linnæus was desired by the government to find a remedy.
在行政方面，如你所知，是我一个人负责安排财务。”据记载，林奈的善行有很多证据，其中之一是当瑞典造船厂的木材腐烂时，政府希望林奈找到补救办法。
He studied the insects that infested the timber, and found that they laid their eggs in the logs within certain days in April, and he directed that during ten days at that season the logs should be immersed under water in the docks; which being done the timber was found to be uninjured.
他研究了侵扰木材的昆虫，发现它们在四月的某些天内在原木中产卵，并指示在该季节的十天内，应将原木浸入码头的水中；这样做后，发现木材没有受到损坏。
Columbus at Veragua found plenty of gold; but leaving the coast, the ship full of one hundred and fifty skilful seamen,--some of them old pilots, and with too much experience of their craft and treachery to him,--the wise admiral kept his private record of his homeward path.
哥伦布在贝拉瓜发现了大量黄金；但是离开海岸时，船上满载着一百五十名熟练的海员，其中一些是老飞行员，他对自己的技术和背叛有着太多的经验，明智的海军上将保留了他回家之路的私人记录。
And when he reached Spain, he told the King and Queen, “that they may ask all the pilots who came with him, where is Veragua.
当他到达西班牙时，他告诉国王和王后，“他们可以询问所有与他同行的飞行员，贝拉瓜在哪里。
Let them answer and say, if they know where Veragua lies.
让他们回答并说，如果他们知道贝拉瓜在哪里。
I assert that they can give no other account than that they went to lands where there was abundance of gold, but they do not know the way to return thither, but would be obliged to go on a voyage of discovery as much as if they had never been there before.
我断言，他们只能说他们去了有丰富黄金的地方，但他们不知道返回那里的路，但他们不得不进行一次发现之旅，就像他们有以前从未去过那里。
There is a mode of reckoning,” he proudly adds, “derived from astronomy, which is sure and safe to any who understands it.” Hippocrates in Greece knew how to stay the devouring plague which ravaged Athens in his time, and his skill died with him.
有一种推算模式，”他自豪地补充道，“源自天文学，对于任何理解它的人来说都是可靠和安全的。”希腊的希波克拉底知道如何阻止当时肆虐雅典的瘟疫，但他的技艺也随之消亡。
Dr.
博士。
Benjamin Rush, in Philadelphia, carried that city heroically through the yellow fever of the year 1793.
费城的本杰明·拉什 (Benjamin Rush) 英勇地带领这座城市度过了 1793 年的黄热病。
Leverrier carries the Copernican system in his head, and knew where to look for the new planet.
勒维耶脑子里装着哥白尼体系，知道去哪里寻找新行星。
We have seen an American woman write a novel of which a million copies were sold in all languages, and which had one merit, of speaking to the universal heart, and was read with equal interest to three audiences, namely, in the parlor, in the kitchen, and in the nursery of every house.
我们看到一位美国妇女写了一本小说，该小说以各种语言售出了一百万册，它有一个优点，就是触及了普遍的心，并被三个观众以同样的兴趣阅读，即在客厅里，在厨房里，还有每个房子的托儿所里。
We have seen women who could institute hospitals and schools in armies.
我们看到女性可以在军队中建立医院和学校。
We have seen a woman who by pure song could melt the souls of whole populations.
我们看到了一位女士，她用纯粹的歌声可以融化所有人的灵魂。
And there is no limit to these varieties of talent.
而且这些人才的种类是没有限制的。
These are arts to be thankful for,--each one as it is a new direction of human power.
这些都是值得感恩的艺术——每一项都是人类力量的新方向。
We cannot choose but respect them.
我们别无选择，只能尊重他们。
Our civilization is made up of a million contributions of this kind.
我们的文明是由数以百万计的此类贡献组成的。
For success, to be sure, we esteem it a test in other people, since we do first in ourselves.
诚然，对于成功，我们将其视为对其他人的考验，因为我们首先要对自己进行考验。
We respect ourselves more if we have succeeded.
如果我们成功了，我们会更加尊重自己。
Neither do we grudge to each of these benefactors the praise or the profit which accrues from his industry.
我们也不吝惜这些捐助者从其辛勤工作中获得的赞扬或利润。
Here are already quite different degrees of moral merit in these examples.
这些例子中的道德价值已经有相当不同的程度。
I don’t know but we and our race elsewhere set a higher value on wealth, victory, and coarse superiority of all kinds, than other men,--have less tranquillity of mind, are less easily contented.
我不知道，但我们和我们其他地方的种族比其他人更看重财富、胜利和各种粗鄙的优越感——心灵不太平静，不太容易满足。
The Saxon is taught from his infancy to wish to be first.
撒克逊人从小就被教导要成为第一。
The Norseman was a restless rider, fighter, freebooter.
挪威人是一个不安分的骑手、战士、强盗。
The ancient Norse ballads describe him as afflicted with this inextinguishable thirst of victory.
古老的挪威民谣形容他饱受对胜利的不可熄灭的渴望的折磨。
The mother says to her son:-- “Success shall be in thy courser tall, Success in thyself, which is best of all, Success in thy hand, success in thy foot, In struggle with man, in battle with brute:-- The holy God and Saint Drothin dear Shall never shut eyes on thy career; Look out, look out, Svend Vonved!” These feats that we extol do not signify so much as we say.
母亲对她的儿子说：“成功将在你的骏马身上，成功在你自己身上，这是最好的，成功在你手中，成功在你脚上，在与人的斗争中，在与野兽的战斗中：--神圣的上帝和亲爱的圣德罗辛将永远不会对你的事业视而不见；小心，小心，斯文德·冯韦德！”我们所颂扬的这些功绩并不像我们所说的那么重要。
These boasted arts are of very recent origin.
这些引以为傲的艺术起源于最近。
They are local conveniences, but do not really add to our stature.
它们是当地的便利设施，但并没有真正提高我们的地位。
The greatest men of the world have managed not to want them.
世界上最伟大的人物都设法不想要它们。
Newton was a great man, without telegraph, or gas, or steam-coach, or rubber-shoes, or lucifer-matches, or ether for his pain; so was Shakspeare, and Alfred, and Scipio, and Socrates.
牛顿是一位伟人，没有电报、煤气、蒸汽火车、橡皮鞋、荧光火柴、乙醚来缓解他的痛苦；莎士比亚、阿尔弗雷德、西庇阿和苏格拉底也是如此。
These are local conveniences, but how easy to go now to parts of the world where not only all these arts are wanting, but where they are despised.
这些都是当地的便利，但现在去世界上一些地方是多么容易，那里不仅缺乏所有这些艺术，而且还鄙视它们。
The Arabian sheiks, the most dignified people in the planet, do not want them; yet have as much self-respect as the English, and are easily able to impress the Frenchman or the American who visits them with the respect due to a brave and sufficient man.
阿拉伯酋长，这个星球上最有尊严的人，不想要他们；但他们和英国人一样有自尊心，并且很容易给来访的法国人或美国人留下勇敢而有能力的人的尊重。
These feats have, to be sure, great difference of merit and some of them involve power of a high kind.
诚然，这些功绩的功绩差别很大，其中一些还涉及到高级的力量。
But the public values the invention more than the inventor does.
但公众比发明人更看重这项发明。
The inventor knows there is much more and better where this came from.
发明者知道它的来源有更多更好的东西。
The public sees in it a lucrative secret.
公众在其中看到了一个有利可图的秘密。
Men see the reward which the inventor enjoys, and they think, ‘How shall we win that?’ Cause and effect are a little tedious; how to leap to the result by short or by false means? We are not scrupulous.
人们看到发明家所享受的奖励，他们会想：“我们怎样才能赢得这个奖励呢？”因果关系有点乏味；如何通过短暂或虚假的手段达到结果？我们不严谨。
What we ask is victory, without regard to the cause; after the Rob Roy rule, after the Napoleon rule, to be the strongest to-day,--the way of the Talleyrands,--prudent people, whose watches go faster than their neighbors’, and who detect the first moment of decline, and throw themselves on the instant on the winning side.
我们所求的是胜利，不问原因；在罗布·罗伊统治之后，在拿破仑统治之后，成为当今最强大的人，塔列朗家族的方式，谨慎的人，他们的手表走得比邻居快，他们发现了衰落的第一时刻，并立即投入胜利的一方。
I have heard that Nelson used to say, “Never mind the justice or the impudence, only let me succeed.” Lord Brougham’s single duty of counsel is, “to get the prisoner clear.” Fuller says ’tis a maxim of lawyers, “that a crown once worn cleareth all defects of the wearer thereof.” _Rien ne réussit mieux que le succès._ And we Americans are tainted with this insanity, as our bankruptcies and our reckless politics may show.
我听说纳尔逊曾经说过：“不要介意正义或厚颜无耻，只要让我成功。”布鲁厄姆勋爵作为律师的唯一职责就是“让囚犯出狱”。富勒说，“王冠一旦戴过，就可以消除佩戴者的所有缺陷”，这是律师的格言。 _Rien ne réussit mieux que le succès._ 我们美国人就被这种疯狂所玷污，正如我们的破产和鲁莽的政治所表明的那样。
We are great by exclusion, grasping, and egotism.
我们因排斥、贪婪和自私而伟大。
Our success takes from all what it gives to one.
我们的成功源于它所给予的一切。
’Tis a haggard, malignant, careworn running for luck.
这是一次憔悴、恶毒、忧心忡忡的为了运气而奔跑。
Egotism is a kind of buckram that gives momentary strength and concentration to men, and seems to be much used in nature for fabrics in which local and spasmodic energy is required.
自我主义是一种赋予男人短暂力量和集中力的布克拉姆，在自然界中似乎经常用于需要局部和痉挛能量的织物。
I could point to men in this country of indispensable importance to the carrying on of American life, of this humor, whom we could ill spare; any one of them would be a national loss.
我可以指出这个国家中对美国生活和这种幽默的延续至关重要的人，我们不能饶恕他们。其中任何一项都将是国家的损失。
But it spoils conversation.
但这会破坏谈话。
They will not try conclusions with you.
他们不会和你一起尝试得出结论。
They are ever thrusting this pampered self between you and them.
他们总是把这个被宠坏的自我推到你和他们之间。
It is plain they have a long education to undergo to reach simplicity and plain-dealing, which are what a wise man mainly cares for in his companion.
显然，他们需要经过长期的教育才能达到简单和诚实的态度，而这正是智者最看重他的同伴的品质。
Nature knows how to convert evil to good; Nature utilizes misers, fanatics, show-men, egotists, to accomplish her ends; but we must not think better of the foible for that.
大自然知道如何化恶为善；大自然利用守财奴、狂热分子、表演者、利己主义者来达到她的目的。但我们决不能因此而对这个缺点有更好的认识。
The passion for sudden success is rude and puerile, just as war, cannons, and executions are used to clear the ground of bad, lumpish, irreclaimable savages, but always to the damage of the conquerors.
对突然成功的热情是粗鲁和幼稚的，就像战争、大炮和处决被用来清除坏人、笨蛋、不可挽回的野蛮人，但总是给征服者带来伤害一样。
I hate this shallow Americanism which hopes to get rich by credit, to get knowledge by raps on midnight tables, to learn the economy of the mind by phrenology, or skill without study, or mastery without apprenticeship, or the sale of goods through pretending that they sell, or power through making believe you are powerful, or through a packed jury or caucus, bribery and “repeating” votes, or wealth by fraud.
我讨厌这种肤浅的美国主义，它希望通过信用致富，通过午夜餐桌上的说唱获得知识，通过颅相学了解心灵的经济，或不学习的技能，或不学徒的掌握，或通过假装销售商品他们出售权力，或者通过让人相信你很强大，或者通过拥挤的陪审团或核心小组、贿赂和“重复”投票，或者通过欺诈获得财富。
They think they have got it, but they have got something else,--a crime which calls for another crime, and another devil behind that; these are steps to suicide, infamy, and the harming of mankind.
他们认为他们已经得到了它，但他们得到了别的东西——一种犯罪需要另一种犯罪，而这背后还有另一个魔鬼；这些都是自杀、耻辱和伤害人类的步骤。
We countenance each other in this life of show, puffing, advertisement, and manufacture of public opinion; and excellence is lost sight of in the hunger for sudden performance and praise.
我们在这炫耀、吹嘘、广告、制造舆论的生活中互相支持；由于对突如其来的表现和赞扬的渴望，卓越就被忽视了。
There was a wise man, an Italian artist, Michel Angelo, who writes thus of himself: “Meanwhile the Cardinal Ippolito, in whom all my best hopes were placed, being dead, I began to understand that the promises of this world are, for the most part, vain phantoms, and that to confide in one’s self, and become something of worth and value, is the best and safest course.” Now, though I am by no means sure that the reader will assent to all my propositions, yet I think we shall agree in my first rule for success,--that we shall drop the brag and the advertisement, and take Michel Angelo’s course, “to confide in one’s self, and be something of worth and value.” Each man has an aptitude born with him to do easily some feat impossible to any other.
有一位智者，意大利艺术家米开朗基罗，他这样描述自己：“我寄予最大希望的红衣主教伊波利托去世了，我开始明白这个世界的承诺是，大多数都是虚荣的幻影，相信自己，成为有价值的人，才是最好、最安全的道路。”现在，虽然我绝不确定读者会同意我的所有主张，但我认为我们会同意我成功的第一条规则，即我们应放弃吹牛和广告，并采取米开朗基罗的路线， “相信自己，成为有价值的人。”每个人都有一种与生俱来的天赋，可以轻松地完成一些其他人不可能完成的壮举。
Do your work.
做你的工作。
I have to say this often, but nature says it oftener.
我不得不经常这么说，但大自然更常这么说。
’Tis clownish to insist on doing all with one’s own hands, as if every man should build his own clumsy house, forge his hammer, and bake his dough; but he is to dare to do what he can do best; not help others as they would direct him, but as he knows his helpful power to be.
坚持用自己的双手做所有事情是很滑稽的，就好像每个人都应该建造自己的笨拙的房子，锻造他的锤子，烘烤他的面团一样；但他要敢于做他能做的最好的事情；不是按照别人指示他的方式帮助别人，而是按照他知道自己有帮助的力量。
To do otherwise is to neutralize all those extraordinary special talents distributed among men.
否则的话，就会抵消人类所拥有的所有非凡的特殊才能。
Yet, whilst this self-truth is essential to the exhibition of the world and to the growth and glory of each mind, it is rare to find a man who believes his own thought or who speaks that which he was created to say.
然而，虽然这种自我真理对于展示世界以及每个心灵的成长和荣耀至关重要，但很少有人相信自己的想法或说出他被创造时要说的话。
As nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain-dealing, so nothing is more rare in any man than an act of his own.
没有什么比常识和坦诚相待更令人惊讶的了，因此，对任何人来说，没有什么比他自己的行为更罕见的了。
Any work looks wonderful to him, except that which he can do.
任何工作在他看来都很棒，除了他能做的以外。
We do not believe our own thought; we must serve somebody; we must quote somebody; we dote on the old and the distant; we are tickled by great names; we import the religion of other nations; we quote their opinions; we cite their laws.
我们不相信自己的想法；我们必须为某人服务；我们必须引用某人的话；我们眷恋古老而遥远的事物；我们对伟大的名字感到高兴；我们引进其他国家的宗教；我们引用他们的意见；我们引用他们的法律。
The gravest and learnedest courts in this country shudder to face a new question, and will wait months and years for a case to occur that can be tortured into a precedent, and thus throw on a bolder party the _onus_ of an initiative.
这个国家最严肃、最博学的法院在面对新问题时会感到不寒而栗，并且会等待数月甚至数年的时间，等待一个可以被拷打成先例的案件发生，从而将主动行动的责任交给更大胆的一方。
Thus we do not carry a counsel in our breasts, or do not know it; and because we cannot shake off from our shoes this dust of Europe and Asia, the world seems to be born old, society is under a spell, every man is a borrower and a mimic, life is theatrical, and literature a quotation; and hence that depression of spirits, that furrow of care, said to mark every American brow.
因此，我们心里没有劝告，或者不知道有劝告；由于我们无法摆脱鞋子上的欧洲和亚洲的灰尘，世界似乎生来就老旧了，社会被施了魔法，每个人都是借用者和模仿者，生活是戏剧，文学是引文；因此，据说每个美国人的眉头都出现了那种精神低落、忧心忡忡的皱纹。
Self-trust is the first secret of success, the belief that, if you are here, the authorities of the universe put you here, and for cause, or with some task strictly appointed you in your constitution, and so long as you work at that you are well and successful.
自信是成功的第一个秘诀，相信如果你在这里，宇宙的权威就把你放在这里，并且是有原因的，或者是你的宪法中严格指定给你的一些任务，只要你努力工作你一切都很好并且很成功。
It by no means consists in rushing prematurely to a showy feat that shall catch the eye and satisfy spectators.
这绝不是过早地急于完成引人注目的壮举，让观众满意。
It is enough if you work in the right direction.
如果你朝着正确的方向努力就足够了。
So far from the performance being the real success, it is clear that the success was much earlier than that, namely, when all the feats that make our civility were the thoughts of good heads.
到目前为止，表演远不是真正的成功，很明显，成功早得多，也就是说，当所有使我们文明的壮举都是好头脑的想法时。
The fame of each discovery rightly attaches to the mind that made the formula which contains all the details, and not to the manufacturers who now make their gain by it; although the mob uniformly cheers the publisher, and not the inventor.
每项发现的名声都正确地归属于制造包含所有细节的配方的头脑，而不是现在通过它获利的制造商；尽管暴民一致欢呼出版商，而不是发明家。
It is the dulness of the multitude that they cannot see the house, in the ground-plan; the working, in the model of the projector.
由于群众的迟钝，他们看不到房子的平面图。投影仪模型的工作原理。
Whilst it is a thought, though it were a new fuel, or a new food, or the creation of agriculture, it is cried down; it is a chimera: but when it is a fact, and comes in the shape of eight per cent, ten per cent, a hundred per cent, they cry, ‘It is the voice of God.’ Horatio Greenough, the sculptor, said to me of Robert Fulton’s visit to Paris: “Fulton knocked at the door of Napoleon with steam, and was rejected; and Napoleon lived long enough to know that he had excluded a greater power than his own.” Is there no loving of knowledge, and of art, and of our design, for itself alone? Cannot we please ourselves with performing our work, or gaining truth and power, without being praised for it? I gain my point, I gain all points, if I can reach my companion with any statement which teaches him his own worth.
虽然它只是一个想法，尽管它是一种新的燃料，或者一种新的食物，或者是农业的创造，但它却被压制住了。这是一种幻想：但当它成为事实，并且以百分之八、百分之十、百分之一百的形式出现时，他们就会喊道：“这是上帝的声音。”雕塑家霍雷肖·格里诺 (Horatio Greenough) 对我谈到罗伯特·富尔顿 (Robert Fulton) 的巴黎之行时说：“富尔顿用蒸汽敲开了拿破仑的门，却被拒绝了；拿破仑活得足够长，知道他排除了比他自己更强大的力量。”难道人们不热爱知识、艺术和我们的设计吗？难道我们不能通过工作、获得真理和力量来取悦自己而不受到赞扬吗？如果我能向我的同伴传达任何教导他自身价值的陈述，我就获得了我的观点，我就获得了所有的观点。
The sum of wisdom is, that the time is never lost that is devoted to work.
智慧的总和是，投入工作的时间永远不会浪费。
The good workman never says, ‘There, that will do’; but, ‘There, that is it: try it, and come again, it will last always.’ If the artist, in whatever art, is well at work on his own design, it signifies little that he does not yet find orders or customers.
好工人从来不会说：“好了，这样就行了”；但是，“就是这样：尝试一下，然后再来，它会永远持续下去。”如果艺术家，无论从事何种艺术，都能很好地完成自己的设计，那么他还没有找到订单或客户就没什么意义了。
I pronounce that young man happy who is content with having acquired the skill which he had aimed at, and waits willingly when the occasion of making it appreciated shall arrive, knowing well that it will not loiter.
我宣称，那个年轻人很幸福，他满足于获得了他所追求的技能，并且心甘情愿地等待着欣赏它的机会到来，因为他清楚地知道它不会闲逛。
The time your rival spends in dressing up his work for effect, hastily, and for the market, you spend in study and experiments towards real knowledge and efficiency.
当你的对手花时间为了效果、仓促、为了市场而打扮自己的作品时，你则花在学习和实验上，以获得真正的知识和效率。
He has thereby sold his picture or machine, or won the prize, or got the appointment; but you have raised yourself into a higher school of art, and a few years will show the advantage of the real master over the short popularity of the showman.
他因此卖掉了他的照片或机器，或者赢得了奖品，或者得到了任命；但你已经把自己提升到了更高的艺术学校，几年后就会显示出真正的大师相对于表演者的短暂知名度的优势。
I know it is a nice point to discriminate this self-trust, which is the pledge of all mental vigor and performance, from the disease to which it is allied,--the exaggeration of the part which we can play;--yet they are two things.
我知道区分这种自信是一个很好的观点，这种自信是所有精神活力和表现的保证，与它所关联的疾病——对我们可以扮演的角色的夸大；——然而，他们是两件事。
But it is sanity to know, that, over my talent or knack, and a million times better than any talent, is the central intelligence which subordinates and uses all talents; and it is only as a door into this, that any talent or the knowledge it gives is of value.
但明智的是，要知道，超越我的才能或技巧，而且比任何才能好一百万倍，是中央智能，它服从和使用所有的才能；只有作为进入这一领域的一扇门，它所提供的任何才能或知识才有价值。
He only who comes into this central intelligence, in which no egotism or exaggeration can be, comes into self-possession.
只有进入这个中心智慧的人才能做到自制，其中不能有任何自私或夸张。
My next point is that, in the scale of powers, it is not talent, but sensibility, which is best: talent confines, but the central life puts us in relation to all.
我的下一个观点是，在权力的尺度上，最好的不是天赋，而是感性：天赋限制了我们，但中心生活让我们与所有人发生了关系。
How often it seems the chief good to be born with a cheerful temper, and well adjusted to the tone of the human race.
很多时候，生来就有开朗的脾气，并能很好地适应人类的基调，似乎是最重要的。
Such a man feels himself in harmony, and conscious by his receptivity of an infinite strength.
这样的人感觉自己处于和谐之中，并通过接受无限的力量而意识到自己。
Like Alfred, “good fortune accompanies him like a gift of God.” Feel yourself, and be not daunted by things.
就像阿尔弗雷德一样，“好运就像上帝的礼物一样伴随着他。”感受自己，不要被事情吓倒。
’Tis the fulness of man that runs over into objects, and makes his Bibles and Shakspeares and Homers so great.
正是人的丰富性渗透到了物体中，使他的《圣经》、莎士比亚和荷马变得如此伟大。
The joyful reader borrows of his own ideas to fill their faulty outline, and knows not that he borrows and gives.
快乐的读者借用自己的想法来填补错误的轮廓，却不知道他在借用和给予。
There is something of poverty in our criticism.
我们的批评有些贫乏。
We assume that there are few great men, all the rest are little; that there is but one Homer, but one Shakspeare, one Newton, one Socrates.
我们认为伟人很少，其余的都是小人物；只有一位荷马，一位莎士比亚，一位牛顿，一位苏格拉底。
But the soul in her beaming hour does not acknowledge these usurpations.
但在她欣喜若狂的时刻，灵魂并不承认这些篡夺。
We should know how to praise Socrates, or Plato, or Saint John, without impoverishing us.
我们应该知道如何赞美苏格拉底、柏拉图或圣约翰，而不会让我们变得贫穷。
In good hours we do not find Shakspeare or Homer over-great,--only to have been translators of the happy present,--and every man and woman divine possibilities.
在美好的时光里，我们不会发现莎士比亚或荷马太过伟大——只是他们是幸福礼物的翻译者——而且每个男人和女人都有神圣的可能性。
’Tis the good reader that makes the good book; a good head cannot read amiss: in every book he finds passages which seem confidences or asides hidden from all else and unmistakably meant for his ear.
好的读者才能写出好书；一个好的头脑不会读错：在每一本书中，他都会发现一些似乎隐藏在其他一切中的秘密或旁白的段落，并且毫无疑问是为他的耳朵准备的。
The light by which we see in this world comes out from the soul of the observer.
我们在这个世界上看到的光来自观察者的灵魂。
Wherever any noble sentiment dwelt, it made the faces and houses around to shine.
凡是有高尚情操的地方，都会让周围的面孔和房屋闪闪发光。
Nay, the powers of this busy brain are miraculous and illimitable.
不仅如此，这个忙碌的大脑的力量是神奇的、无限的。
Therein are the rules and formulas by which the whole empire of matter is worked.
其中有整个物质帝国运转的规则和公式。
There is no prosperity, trade, art, city, or great material wealth of any kind, but if you trace it home, you will find it rooted in a thought of some individual man.
这里没有繁荣、贸易、艺术、城市或任何形式的巨大物质财富，但如果你追溯它的根源，你会发现它植根于某个个体的思想。
Is all life a surface affair? ’Tis curious, but our difference of wit appears to be only a difference of impressionability, or power to appreciate faint, fainter, and infinitely faintest voices and visions.
难道所有的生命都是表面的事情吗？奇怪的是，我们智慧的差异似乎只是易感性的差异，或者说欣赏微弱、更微弱和无限微弱的声音和景象的能力的差异。
When the scholar or the writer has pumped his brain for thoughts and verses, and then comes abroad into Nature, has he never found that there is a better poetry hinted in a boy’s whistle of a tune, or in the piping of a sparrow, than in all his literary results? We call it health.
当学者或作家绞尽脑汁思考和诗句，然后走进大自然时，他是否从未发现过，男孩的口哨声或麻雀的鸣叫声中暗示着更好的诗歌？在他所有的文学成果中？我们称之为健康。
What is so admirable as the health of youth?--with his long days because his eyes are good, and brisk circulations keep him warm in cold rooms, and he loves books that speak to the imagination; and he can read Plato, covered to his chin with a cloak in a cold upper chamber, though he should associate the Dialogues ever after with a woollen smell.
还有什么比年轻人的健康更令人钦佩的呢？——他的日子很长，因为他的眼睛很好，血液循环旺盛，让他在寒冷的房间里保持温暖，他喜欢那些能激发想象力的书籍；他可以在寒冷的上层房间里用斗篷遮住下巴来阅读柏拉图，尽管他应该将对话录与羊毛的气味联系起来。
’Tis the bane of life that natural effects are continually crowded out, and artificial arrangements substituted.
自然效应不断地被人为安排所取代，这是生命的祸根。
We remember when, in early youth, the earth spoke and the heavens glowed; when an evening, any evening, grim and wintry, sleet and snow, was enough for us; the houses were in the air.
我们记得，在青年时期，大地说话，天空发光；当一个晚上，任何一个晚上，阴沉、寒冷、雨夹雪，对我们来说就足够了；房子都在空中。
Now it costs a rare combination of clouds and lights to overcome the common and mean.
现在，需要云和光的罕见组合才能克服平凡和卑鄙。
What is it we look for in the landscape, in sunsets and sunrises, in the sea and the firmament? what but a compensation for the cramp and pettiness of human performances? We bask in the day, and the mind finds somewhat as great as itself.
我们在风景、日落和日出、海洋和苍穹中寻找什么？除了对人类表演的局限性和琐碎性的补偿之外，还有什么？我们沐浴在白天，心灵发现自己也同样伟大。
In Nature, all is large, massive repose.
在大自然中，一切都是巨大的、巨大的休息。
Remember what befalls a city boy who goes for the first time into the October woods.
还记得第一次走进十月森林的城市男孩的遭遇吗？
He is suddenly initiated into a pomp and glory that brings to pass for him the dreams of romance.
他突然陷入了一种盛况和荣耀之中，这为他带来了浪漫的梦想。
He is the king he dreamed he was; he walks through tents of gold, through bowers of crimson, porphyry, and topaz, pavilion on pavilion, garlanded with vines, flowers, and sunbeams, with incense and music, with so many hints to his astonished senses; the leaves twinkle and pique and flatter him, and his eye and step are tempted on by what hazy distances to happier solitudes.
他是他梦想中的国王；他走过金色的帐篷，穿过深红色、斑岩和黄玉的凉亭，走过一座又一座的亭子，藤蔓、鲜花和阳光装饰着花环，伴随着焚香和音乐，对他惊讶的感官有如此多的暗示；树叶闪闪发光，生气勃勃，讨好他，他的眼睛和脚步都被通往幸福孤独的朦胧距离所吸引。
All this happiness he owes only to his finer perception.
他所有的幸福都归功于他更敏锐的洞察力。
The owner of the wood-lot finds only a number of discolored trees, and says, ‘They ought to come down; they aren’t growing any better; they should be cut and corded before spring.’ Wordsworth writes of the delights of the boy in Nature:-- “For never will come back the hour Of splendor in the grass, of glory in the flower.” But I have just seen a man, well knowing what he spoke of, who told me that the verse was not true for him; that his eyes opened as he grew older, and that every spring was more beautiful to him than the last.
林地的主人只发现了一些变色的树，他说：“它们应该被砍倒；它们应该被砍掉。”他们并没有成长得更好；应该在春天之前将它们剪掉并用绳子捆起来。华兹华斯描写了男孩在大自然中的快乐：“因为草丛中的辉煌、花朵中的荣耀的时刻一去不复返了。”但我刚刚看到一个人，他很清楚他所说的是什么，他告诉我这节经文对他来说并不真实；随着年龄的增长，他的眼睛睁开了，每个春天对他来说都比上一个春天更美丽。
We live among gods of our own creation.
我们生活在我们自己创造的诸神之中。
Does that deep-toned bell, which has shortened many a night of ill nerves, render to you nothing but acoustic vibrations? Is the old church, which gave you the first lessons of religious life, or the village school, or the college where you first knew the dreams of fancy and joys of thought, only boards or brick and mortar? Is the house in which you were born, or the house in which your dearest friend lived, only a piece of real estate whose value is covered by the Hartford insurance? You walk on the beach and enjoy the animation of the picture.
那深沉的铃声，它缩短了许多个夜晚的紧张情绪，除了声音振动之外什么也没有给你带来吗？给你上宗教生活第一堂课的古老教堂，还是乡村学校，或者你第一次领略幻想的梦想和思想乐趣的大学，只是木板还是砖头和灰泥？你出生的房子，或者你最亲爱的朋友住的房子，只是一块房地产，其价值由哈特福德保险承保吗？你走在沙滩上，欣赏着动画的画面。
Scoop up a little water in the hollow of your palm, take up a handful of shore sand; well, these are the elements.
在手掌心舀起一点水，抓起一把岸沙；嗯，这些就是要素。
What is the beach but acres of sand? What is the ocean but cubic miles of water? a little more or less signifies nothing.
除了几英亩的沙子之外，海滩还能算什么呢？海洋除了立方英里的水之外还有什么？多一点或少一点并没有什么意义。
No, it is that this brute matter is part of somewhat not brute.
不，是这个野蛮物是有些不野蛮的一部分。
It is that the sand floor is held by spheral gravity, and bent to be a part of the round globe, under the optical sky,--part of the astonishing astronomy, and existing, at last, to moral ends and from moral causes.
沙地被球体重力所支撑，并在光学天空下弯曲成为圆形地球的一部分——令人惊叹的天文学的一部分，并最终出于道德目的和道德原因而存在。
The world is not made up to the eye of figures, that is, only half; it is also made of color.
世界并不是由人物的眼睛所组成的，即只有一半；它也是由颜色制成的。
How that element washes the universe with its enchanting waves! The sculptor had ended his work, and behold a new world of dream-like glory.
这种元素是如何用它迷人的波浪洗涤宇宙的！雕塑家结束了他的工作，看到了一个梦幻般辉煌的新世界。
’Tis the last stroke of Nature; beyond color she cannot go.
这是大自然的最后一击；除了颜色之外她无法去。
In like manner, life is made up, not of knowledge only, but of love also.
同样，生命不仅由知识组成，而且还由爱组成。
If thought is form, sentiment is color.
如果思想是形式，那么情感就是色彩。
It clothes the skeleton world with space, variety, and glow.
它为骷髅世界披上了空间、多样性和光芒。
The hues of sunset make life great; so the affections make some little web of cottage and fireside populous, important, and filling the main space in our history.
夕阳的色彩让生活变得美好；因此，情感使一些小屋和炉边的小网变得人口稠密、重要，并填充了我们历史的主要空间。
The fundamental fact in our metaphysic constitution is the correspondence of man to the world, so that every change in that writes a record in the mind.
我们形而上学构成的基本事实是人与世界的对应，因此其中的每一个变化都会在头脑中留下记录。
The mind yields sympathetically to the tendencies or law which stream through things, and make the order of nature; and in the perfection of this correspondence or expressiveness, the health and force of man consist.
心灵会顺从于事物中流动的趋势或规律，并形成自然的秩序。人的健康和力量就在于这种对应性或表现力的完善。
If we follow this hint into our intellectual education, we shall find that it is not propositions, not new dogmas and a logical exposition of the world, that are our first need; but to watch and tenderly cherish the intellectual and moral sensibilities, those fountains of right thought, and woo them to stay and make their home with us.
如果我们在智力教育中遵循这一提示，我们就会发现，我们的首要需要不是命题，不是新教条，也不是对世界的逻辑阐述；而是我们的首要需要。但要留意并温柔地珍惜智力和道德情感，这些正确思想的源泉，并吸引他们留下来与我们一起安家。
Whilst they abide with us, we shall not think amiss.
当他们与我们同住时，我们不会有任何不妥的想法。
Our perception far outruns our talent.
我们的感知远远超过我们的才能。
We bring a welcome to the highest lessons of religion and of poetry out of all proportion beyond our skill to teach.
我们欢迎宗教和诗歌的最高课程，其程度超出了我们的教学能力。
And, further, the great hearing and sympathy of men is more true and wise than their speaking is wont to be.
此外，人们的倾听和同情比他们通常所说的更加真实和明智。
A deep sympathy is what we require for any student of the mind; for the chief difference between man and man is a difference of impressionability.
深切的同情是我们对任何心灵学生的要求；因为人与人之间的主要区别在于易受影响性的区别。
Aristotle, or Bacon, or Kant propound some maxim which is the key-note of philosophy thenceforward.
亚里士多德、培根或康德提出了一些格言，成为此后哲学的基调。
But I am more interested to know, that, when at last they have hurled out their grand word, it is only some familiar experience of every man in the street.
但我更感兴趣的是，当他们最终说出他们的豪言壮语时，这只是街上每个人的一些熟悉的经历。
If it be not, it will never be heard of again.
如果不是的话，就再也不会有人听说过它了。
Ah! if one could keep this sensibility, and live in the happy sufficing present, and find the day and its cheap means contenting, which only ask receptivity in you, and no strained exertion and cankering ambition, overstimulating to be at the head of your class and the head of society, and to have distinction and laurels and consumption! We are not strong by our power to penetrate, but by our relatedness.
啊!如果一个人能够保持这种情感，生活在幸福而满足的当下，并发现这一天及其廉价的手段是满足的，这只要求你的接受能力，而不是紧张的努力和腐烂的野心，过度刺激成为你的班级的佼佼者，社会的首脑，要有荣誉、有荣誉、有消费！我们的强大不在于我们的渗透力，而在于我们的关联性。
The world is enlarged for us, not by new objects, but by finding more affinities and potencies in those we have.
世界对我们来说变得更大了，不是因为新的事物，而是因为在我们拥有的事物中发现了更多的亲和力和潜力。
This sensibility appears in the homage to beauty which exalts the faculties of youth, in the power which form and color exert upon the soul; when we see eyes that are a compliment to the human race, features that explain the Phidian sculpture.
这种情感体现在对美的敬意中，它提升了年轻人的才能，体现在形式和色彩对灵魂施加的力量中；当我们看到对人类表示赞美的眼睛时，这些特征就解释了菲迪亚雕塑。
Fontenelle said: “There are three things about which I have curiosity, though I know nothing of them,--music, poetry, and love.” The great doctors of this science are the greatest men,--Dante, Petrarch, Michel Angelo, and Shakspeare.
丰特内尔说：“我对三件事感到好奇，尽管我对它们一无所知，那就是音乐、诗歌和爱情。”这门科学的伟大博士是最伟大的人——但丁、彼特拉克、米开朗基罗和莎士比亚。
The wise Socrates treats this matter with a certain archness, yet with very marked expressions.
聪明的苏格拉底以某种狡猾的态度对待这个问题，但表达方式却非常明显。
“I am always,” he says, “asserting that I happen to know, I may say, nothing but a mere trifle relating to matters of love; yet in that kind of learning I lay claim to being more skilled than any one man of the past or present time.” They may well speak in this uncertain manner of their knowledge, and in this confident manner of their will, for the secret of it is hard to detect, so deep it is; and yet genius is measured by its skill in this science.
“我总是，”他说，“我可以说，我碰巧知道的只是一些与爱情有关的小事；然而，在这种学习方面，我声称自己比过去或现在的任何人都更加熟练。”他们很可能以这种不确定的方式谈论他们的知识，并以这种自信的方式谈论他们的意愿，因为它的秘密很难被发现，它是如此深奥；然而天才是根据其在这门科学上的技能来衡量的。
Who is he in youth, or in maturity, or even in old age, who does not like to hear of those sensibilities which turn curled heads round at church, and send wonderful eye-beams across assemblies, from one to one, never missing in the thickest crowd.
谁会在青年时期、成熟时期，甚至年老时，不喜欢听到那些在教堂里使人们卷曲的头转过头来、在集会中从一到一地发出美妙的目光的情感？最密集的人群。
The keen statist reckons by tens and hundreds; the genial man is interested in every slipper that comes into the assembly.
敏锐的国家主义者估计有数十个和数百个；这位和蔼可亲的男士对进入集会的每只拖鞋都很感兴趣。
The passion, alike everywhere, creeps under the snows of Scandinavia, under the fires of the equator, and swims in the seas of Polynesia.
这种激情在任何地方都一样，在斯堪的纳维亚半岛的冰雪下、在赤道的火焰下蔓延、在波利尼西亚的海洋中畅游。
Lofn is as puissant a divinity in the Norse Edda as Camadeva in the red vault of India, Eros in the Greek, or Cupid in the Latin heaven.
洛芬在挪威的《埃达》中就像印度红色穹顶中的卡玛德瓦、希腊语中的厄洛斯或拉丁天堂中的丘比特一样强大。
And what is specially true of love is, that it is a state of extreme impressionability; the lover has more senses and finer senses than others; his eye and ear are telegraphs; he reads omens on the flower, and cloud, and face, and form, and gesture, and reads them aright.
爱情的特别之处在于，它是一种极度易受影响的状态。爱人比别人有更多的感官和更精细的感官；他的眼睛和耳朵是电报；他能从花、云、脸、形状、手势上读出预兆，而且读得正确。
In his surprise at the sudden and entire understanding that is between him and the beloved person, it occurs to him that they might somehow meet independently of time and place.
他对自己和所爱的人之间突然而彻底的理解感到惊讶，他突然想到，他们可能会以某种方式相遇，而不受时间和地点的影响。
How delicious the belief that he could elude all guards, precautions, ceremonies, means, and delays, and hold instant and sempiternal communication! In solitude, in banishment, the hope returned, and the experiment was eagerly tried.
相信他能够避开所有的守卫、预防措施、仪式、手段和延误，并保持即时和永恒的沟通，这是多么美妙的信念啊！在孤独中，在放逐中，希望又回来了，人们急切地尝试着这项实验。
The supernal powers seem to take his part.
超自然的力量似乎也支持他。
What was on his lips to say is uttered by his friend.
他嘴里要说的话，是他的朋友说出来的。
When he went abroad, he met, by wonderful casualties, the one person he sought.
当他出国时，他以惊人的伤亡遇见了他所寻找的人。
If in his walk he chanced to look back, his friend was walking behind him.
如果他在走路时回头看一眼，就会发现他的朋友正走在他身后。
And it has happened that the artist has often drawn in his pictures the face of the future wife whom he had not yet seen.
碰巧的是，艺术家经常在他的画中画出他尚未见过的未来妻子的脸。
But also in complacences, nowise so strict as this of the passion, the man of sensibility counts it a delight only to hear a child’s voice fully addressed to him, or to see the beautiful manners of the youth of either sex.
但在自满中，敏感的人从来没有像这样严格的激情，只有听到一个孩子的声音完全对他说话，或者看到任何性别的年轻人的美丽举止，才会感到高兴。
When the event is past and remote, how insignificant the greatest compared with the piquancy of the present! To-day at the school examination the professor interrogates Sylvina in the history class about Odoacer and Alaric.
当事情已经成为过去和遥远的时候，与现在的辛辣相比，再伟大的事情也是多么微不足道啊！今天在学校考试中，教授在历史课上向西尔维娜询问奥多亚塞和阿拉里克的情况。
Sylvina can’t remember, but suggests that Odoacer was defeated; and the professor tartly replies, “No, he defeated the Romans.” But ’tis plain to the visitor, that ’tis of no importance at all about Odoacer, and ’tis a great deal of importance about Sylvina; and if she says he was defeated, why he had better, a great deal, have been defeated, than give her a moment’s annoy.
西尔维娜不记得了，但暗示奥多亚塞被击败了；教授尖刻地回答道：“不，他打败了罗马人。”但对于来访者来说，很明显，奥多亚塞一点也不重要，而西尔维娜则非常重要；如果她说他被打败了，为什么他最好是已经被打败了，而不是给她带来片刻的烦恼。
Odoacer, if there was a particle of the gentleman in him, would have said, Let me be defeated a thousand times.
奥多亚塞，如果他身上有一丝绅士风度的话，他一定会说，让我被打败一千次吧。
And as our tenderness for youth and beauty gives a new and just importance to their fresh and manifold claims, so the like sensibility gives welcome to all excellence, has eyes and hospitality for merit in corners.
正如我们对青春和美丽的温柔赋予了它们新鲜和多样的主张新的和公正的重要性一样，同样的情感欢迎所有优秀的人，对角落里的优点有眼睛和热情。
An Englishman of marked character and talent, who had brought with him hither one or two friends and a library of mystics, assured me that nobody and nothing of possible interest was left in England,--he had brought all that was alive away.
一位性格鲜明、才华横溢的英国人带来了一两个朋友和一批神秘主义者，他向我保证，英国已经没有任何人或任何可能感兴趣的东西了——他已经把所有活着的东西都带走了。
I was forced to reply: “No, next door to you, probably, on the other side of the partition in the same house, was a greater man than any you had seen.” Every man has a history worth knowing, if he could tell it, or if we could draw it from him.
我被迫回答：“不，在你的隔壁，在同一所房子的隔断的另一边，可能是一个比你见过的任何人都更伟大的人。”每个人都有一段值得了解的历史，只要他能讲述，或者我们能从他那里汲取教训。
Character and wit have their own magnetism.
性格和智慧都有其自身的吸引力。
Send a deep man into any town, and he will find another deep man there, unknown hitherto to his neighbors.
派一个深人到任何一个城镇，他都会在那里找到另一个深人，而迄今为止，他的邻居还不知道这一点。
That is the great happiness of life,--to add to our high acquaintances.
这就是人生最大的幸福——结识更多的朋友。
The very law of averages might have assured you that there will be in every hundred heads, say ten or five good heads.
平均法则可能已经向你保证，每一百个脑袋中都会有一个，比如说十个或五个好脑袋。
Morals are generated as the atmosphere is.
道德是随着气氛而产生的。
’Tis a secret, the genesis of either; but the springs of justice and courage do not fail any more than salt or sulphur springs.
这是一个秘密，两者的起源；但正义和勇气的泉水不会像盐泉或硫磺泉一样失败。
The world is always opulent, the oracles are never silent; but the receiver must by a happy temperance be brought to that top of condition, that frolic health, that he can easily take and give these fine communications.
世界总是繁华，神谕从来不沉默；但是接收者必须通过快乐的节制来达到最佳状态，健康快乐，以便他可以轻松地接受并进行这些良好的通信。
Health is the condition of wisdom, and the sign is cheerfulness,--an open and noble temper.
健康是智慧的条件，而快乐的标志就是开放而高尚的性情。
There was never poet who had not the heart in the right place.
从来没有一个诗人的心不在正确的地方。
The old trouveur, Pons Capdueil, wrote,-- “Oft have I heard, and deem the witness true, Whom man delights in, God delights in too.” All beauty warms the heart, is a sign of health, prosperity, and the favor of God.
老游吟诗人庞斯·卡普杜伊 (Pons Capdueil) 写道：“我经常听到，并且认为见证是真实的，人所喜悦的，上帝也喜悦。”所有的美丽都会温暖人心，是健康、繁荣和上帝恩惠的标志。
Everything lasting and fit for men, the Divine Power has marked with this stamp.
一切持久且适合人类的事物，神圣力量都打上了这个印记。
What delights, what emancipates, not what scares and pains us, is wise and good in speech and in the arts.
使我们快乐、解放的事物，而不是使我们恐惧和痛苦的事物，在言语和艺术中都是明智和善良的。
For, truly, the heart at the centre of the universe with every throb hurls the flood of happiness into every artery, vein, and veinlet, so that the whole system is inundated with the tides of joy.
因为，确实，位于宇宙中心的心脏，每一次跳动，都会将幸福的洪流注入每一条动脉、静脉和细脉，使整个系统都被喜悦的浪潮淹没。
The plenty of the poorest place is too great: the harvest cannot be gathered.
最穷的地方的粮食太多了，收不到庄稼。
Every sound ends in music.
每一个声音都以音乐结束。
The edge of every surface is tinged with prismatic rays.
每个表面的边缘都带有棱柱射线。
One more trait of true success.
真正成功的又一个特征。
The good mind chooses what is positive, what is advancing,--embraces the affirmative.
善良的头脑选择积极的、进步的事物——拥抱肯定的事物。
Our system is one of poverty.
我们的制度是一种贫困制度。
’Tis presumed, as I said, there is but one Shakspeare, one Homer, one Jesus,--not that all are or shall be inspired.
正如我所说，假定只有一位莎士比亚、一位荷马、一位耶稣——并不是所有人都受到或将会受到启发。
But we must begin by affirming.
但我们必须从肯定开始。
Truth and goodness subsist forevermore.
真理和善良永远存在。
It is true there is evil and good, night and day: but these are not equal.
确实有恶与善，黑夜与白天：但它们并不相等。
The day is great and final.
这一天是伟大的，也是最后的一天。
The night is for the day, but the day is not for the night.
夜晚是为了白天，但白天却不是为了夜晚。
What is this immortal demand for more, which belongs to our constitution? this enormous ideal? There is no such critic and beggar as this terrible Soul.
属于我们宪法的对更多的不朽要求是什么？这个伟大的理想？没有像这个可怕的灵魂这样的批评者和乞丐。
No historical person begins to content us.
没有一个历史人物开始让我们满意。
We know the satisfactoriness of justice, the sufficiency of truth.
我们知道正义的满足性、真理的充分性。
We know the answer that leaves nothing to ask.
我们知道答案，无需再问。
We know the Spirit by its victorious tone.
我们通过圣灵得胜的语气来认识它。
The searching tests to apply to every new pretender are amount and quality,--what does he add? and what is the state of mind he leaves me in? Your theory is unimportant; but what new stock you can add to humanity, or how high you can carry life? A man is a man only as he makes life and nature happier to us.
对每个新冒充者适用的搜索测试是数量和质量——他添加了什么？他让我处于什么心态？你的理论并不重要；重要的是。但你能为人类增添什么新的储备，或者你能把生命提升到多高？一个人只有让我们的生活和自然更加幸福，才算是一个人。
I fear the popular notion of success stands in direct opposition in all points to the real and wholesome success.
我担心流行的成功观念在所有方面都与真正和有益的成功背道而驰。
One adores public opinion, the other private opinion; one fame, the other desert; one feats, the other humility; one lucre, the other love; one monopoly, and the other hospitality of mind.
一个崇拜公众意见，另一个崇拜私人意见；一是名誉，二是沙漠；一个是功绩，另一个是谦虚；一是金钱，二是爱情；一是垄断，二是热情好客的心态。
We may apply this affirmative law to letters, to manners, to art, to the decorations of our houses, etc.
我们可以将这一肯定法则应用到文字、礼仪、艺术、房屋的装饰等方面。
I do not find executions or tortures or lazar-houses, or grisly photographs of the field on the day after the battle fit subjects for cabinet pictures.
我不认为处决、酷刑、拉扎尔之家或战斗后第二天可怕的战场照片适合内阁照片的主题。
I think that some so-called “sacred subjects” must be treated with more genius than I have seen in the masters of Italian or Spanish art to be right pictures for houses and churches.
我认为，一些所谓的“神圣主题”必须比我在意大利或西班牙艺术大师中看到的更天才地对待，才能成为适合房屋和教堂的画作。
Nature does not invite such exhibition.
大自然不邀请这样的展览。
Nature lays the ground-plan of each creature accurately,--sternly fit for all his functions; then veils it scrupulously.
大自然准确地为每种生物制定了平面图——严格适合其所有功能；然后小心翼翼地盖上面纱。
See how carefully she covers up the skeleton.
看看她多么小心地掩盖骷髅。
The eye shall not see it: the sun shall not shine on it.
眼睛不能看见它：阳光不能照耀它。
She weaves her tissues and integuments of flesh and skin and hair and beautiful colors of the day over it, and forces death down underground, and makes haste to cover it up with leaves and vines, and wipes carefully out every trace by new creation.
她用肉体、皮肤、头发和当天美丽的色彩编织出自己的组织和外皮，将死亡强行压入地下，并赶紧用树叶和藤蔓将其覆盖，并用新的创造小心地抹去每一个痕迹。
Who and what are you that would lay the ghastly anatomy bare? Don’t hang a dismal picture on the wall, and do not daub with sables and glooms in your conversation.
你是谁、是什么，愿意揭露可怕的解剖结构？不要在墙上挂一幅阴郁的图画，也不要在谈话中涂抹忧郁的色彩。
Don’t be a cynic and disconsolate preacher.
不要成为一个愤世嫉俗和忧郁的传道人。
Don’t bewail and bemoan.
不要哀叹、哀叹。
Omit the negative propositions.
省略否定命题。
Nerve us with incessant affirmatives.
用不断的肯定来激励我们。
Don’t waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
不要把自己浪费在拒绝上，也不要对坏事大喊大叫，而要歌颂美好的事物。
When that is spoken which has a right to be spoken, the chatter and the criticism will stop.
当有权发言的人说出来时，喋喋不休和批评就会停止。
Set down nothing that will not help somebody; “For every gift of noble origin Is breathed upon by Hope’s perpetual breath.” The affirmative of affirmatives is love.
写下任何对某人无益的东西； “每一份出身高贵的礼物都被希望的永恒气息所吸引。”肯定中的肯定就是爱。
As much love, so much perception.
有多少爱，就有多少感悟。
As caloric to matter, so is love to mind; so it enlarges, and so it empowers it.
正如物质之于热量一样，心灵之于爱也是如此；所以它扩大了，所以它赋予了它力量。
Good-will makes insight, as one finds his way to the sea by embarking on a river.
善意产生洞察力，正如人从河中到达大海一样。
I have seen scores of people who can silence me, but I seek one who shall make me forget or overcome the frigidities and imbecilities into which I fall.
我见过很多人可以让我沉默，但我正在寻找一个能让我忘记或克服我陷入的冷漠和愚蠢的人。
The painter Giotto, Vasari tells us, renewed art, because he put more goodness into his heads.
瓦萨里告诉我们，画家乔托更新了艺术，因为他在头脑中注入了更多的善良。
To awake in man and to raise the sense of worth, to educate his feeling and judgment so that he shall scorn himself for a bad action, that is the only aim.
唤醒人的内心，提高价值感，教育他的感觉和判断力，使他因不良行为而蔑视自己，这是唯一的目标。
’Tis cheap and easy to destroy.
这很便宜而且很容易毁坏。
There is not a joyful boy or an innocent girl buoyant with fine purposes of duty, in all the street full of eager and rosy faces, but a cynic can chill and dishearten with a single word.
满街都是热切而红润的面孔，没有一个快乐的男孩或一个天真烂漫、怀揣着美好使命的女孩，只有一个愤世嫉俗的人一句话就能让人心寒和沮丧。
Despondency comes readily enough to the most sanguine.
对于最乐观的人来说，沮丧也是很容易发生的。
The cynic has only to follow their hint with his bitter confirmation, and they check that eager courageous pace and go home with heavier step and premature age.
愤世嫉俗者只需遵循他们的暗示，用他苦涩的确认，他们就会阻止那急切勇敢的步伐，以更沉重的步伐和过早的年龄回家。
They will themselves quickly enough give the hint he wants to the cold wretch.
他们很快就会向这个冷酷无情的家伙发出他想要的暗示。
Which of them has not failed to please where they most wished it? or blundered where they were most ambitious of success? or found themselves awkward or tedious or incapable of study, thought, or heroism, and only hoped by good sense and fidelity to do what they could and pass unblamed? And this witty malefactor makes their little hope less with satire and scepticism, and slackens the springs of endeavor.
他们中的哪一个没有未能满足他们最希望的呢？或者在他们最渴望成功的地方犯了错误？或者发现自己笨拙、乏味或无法学习、思考或英雄主义，只希望凭借良好的判断力和忠诚去做他们能做的事情并不受指责？这个机智的恶棍用讽刺和怀疑让他们的渺小希望变得渺茫，并削弱了努力的动力。
Yes, this is easy; but to help the young soul, add energy, inspire hope, and blow the coals into a useful flame; to redeem defeat by new thought, by firm action, that is not easy, that is the work of divine men.
是的，这很容易；而是帮助年轻的灵魂，补充能量，激发希望，把煤炭吹成有用的火焰；用新的思想、坚定的行动来挽回失败，这并不容易，这是神圣之人的工作。
We live on different planes or platforms.
我们生活在不同的平面或平台上。
There is an external life, which is educated at school, taught to read, write, cipher, and trade; taught to grasp all the boy can get, urging him to put himself forward, to make himself useful and agreeable in the world, to ride, run, argue, and contend, unfold his talents, shine, conquer, and possess.
有一种外在生活，它是在学校接受的教育，被教导如何阅读、写作、算术和交易；教导他要抓住男孩所能得到的一切，敦促他展现自己，让自己在这个世界上变得有用和令人愉快，去骑马、奔跑、争论和竞争，展现他的才能，发光，征服和占有。
But the inner life sits at home, and does not learn to do things, nor value these feats at all.
但内心生活却坐在家里，不学做事，也不重视这些功绩。
’Tis a quiet, wise perception.
这是一种安静、明智的感知。
It loves truth, because it is itself real; it loves right, it knows nothing else; but it makes no progress; was as wise in our first memory of it as now; is just the same now in maturity and hereafter in age, it was in youth.
它热爱真理，因为它本身就是真实的；它只爱正义，除此之外一无所知；但毫无进展；我们最初的记忆中和现在一样明智；现在的成熟期和以后的老年期都是一样的，年轻时也是如此。
We have grown to manhood and womanhood; we have powers, connection, children, reputations, professions: this makes no account of them all.
我们已经长大成人；我们有权力、关系、孩子、声誉、职业：这并没有考虑到所有这些。
It lives in the great present; it makes the present great.
它存在于伟大的现在；它使现在变得伟大。
This tranquil, well-founded, wide-seeing soul is no express-rider, no attorney, no magistrate: it lies in the sun, and broods on the world.
这个平静、有根据、视野开阔的灵魂不是快车乘客、律师、地方法官：它躺在阳光下，沉思着世界。
A person of this temper once said to a man of much activity, “I will pardon you that you do so much, and you me that I do nothing.” And Euripides says that “Zeus hates busybodies and those who do too much.” OLD AGE.
有这种脾气的人曾经对一个多事的人说：“我会原谅你做了这么多，而你我却什么都不做。”欧里庇得斯说：“宙斯讨厌爱管闲事的人和那些做得太多的人。”老年。
OLD AGE.
老年。
On the anniversary of the Phi Beta Kappa Society at Cambridge, in 1861, the venerable President Quincy, senior member of the Society, as well as senior alumnus of the University, was received at the dinner with peculiar demonstrations of respect.
1861 年，剑桥大学优等生荣誉学会 (Phi Beta Kappa Society) 周年纪念日，该学会的资深会员、大学的资深校友、德高望重的昆西会长在晚宴上受到了特别的尊重。
He replied to these compliments in a speech, and, gracefully claiming the privileges of a literary society, entered at some length into an Apology for Old Age, and, aiding himself by notes in his hand, made a sort of running commentary on Cicero’s chapter “De Senectute.” The character of the speaker, the transparent good faith of his praise and blame, and the _naïveté_ of his eager preference of Cicero’s opinions to King David’s, gave unusual interest to the College festival.
他在一次演讲中回应了这些赞美，并优雅地声称自己拥有文学协会的特权，详细地写了一篇《为晚年致歉》，并用手中的笔记辅助自己，对西塞罗的章节做了一种连贯的评论。 “德塞内克图特。”演讲者的性格，他的赞扬和批评的明显诚意，以及他热切地偏爱西塞罗的观点而不是大卫王的观点的天真，给大学节带来了不同寻常的兴趣。
It was a discourse full of dignity, honoring him who spoke and those who heard.
这是一次充满尊严的演讲，向发言者和聆听者致敬。
The speech led me to look over at home--an easy task--Cicero’s famous essay, charming by its uniform rhetorical merit; heroic with Stoical precepts; with a Roman eye to the claims of the State; happiest, perhaps, in his praise of life on the farm; and rising at the conclusion to a lofty strain.
这次演讲让我在家查阅了西塞罗的著名文章——这是一项简单的任务，它以其统一的修辞优点而迷人；具有斯多葛派戒律的英雄；以罗马人的眼光看待国家的主张；最幸福的也许是他对农场生活的赞美。并在结束时上升到崇高的压力。
But he does not exhaust the subject; rather invites the attempt to add traits to the picture from our broader modern life.
但他并没有穷尽这个主题；相反，它邀请我们尝试从更广泛的现代生活中添加特征。
Cicero makes no reference to the illusions which cling to the element of time, and in which Nature delights.
西塞罗没有提到那些依附于时间因素、自然所喜悦的幻想。
Wellington, in speaking of military men, said, “What masks are these uniforms to hide cowards!” I have often detected the like deception in the cloth shoe, wadded pelisse, wig, spectacles, and padded chair of Age.
威灵顿在谈到军人时说道：“这些制服是用来隐藏懦夫的什么面具！”我经常在《时代》的布鞋、棉布外套、假发、眼镜和软垫椅子中发现类似的欺骗行为。
Nature lends herself to these illusions, and adds dim sight, deafness, cracked voice, snowy hair, short memory and sleep.
大自然助长了这些幻觉，并增加了视力模糊、耳聋、声音嘶哑、头发雪白、记忆力减退和睡眠不足等症状。
These also are masks, and all is not Age that wears them.
这些也是面具，戴上它们的并非时代。
Whilst we yet call ourselves young, and our mates are yet youths with even boyish remains, one good fellow in the set prematurely sports a gray or a bald head, which does not impose on us who know how innocent of sanctity or of Platonism he is, but does deceive his juniors and the public, who presently distinguish him with a most amusing respect: and this lets us into the secret, that the venerable forms that so awed our childhood were just such impostors.
虽然我们还自称年轻，我们的伴侣也还很年轻，甚至还带着孩子气，但其中的一个好人却过早地露出了白发或秃头，这并没有强加给我们，因为我们知道他是多么纯洁的神圣性或柏拉图主义，但确实欺骗了他的后辈和公众，他们现在以一种最有趣的尊重来区分他：这让我们知道了一个秘密，那就是那些让我们童年如此敬畏的令人尊敬的形式正是这样的骗子。
Nature is full of freaks, and now puts an old head on young shoulders, and then a young heart beating under fourscore winters.
大自然充满了怪诞，现在把一个老头放在年轻的肩膀上，然后一颗年轻的心在四十个冬天里跳动。
For if the essence of age is not present, these signs, whether of Art or Nature, are counterfeit and ridiculous: and the essence of age is intellect.
因为如果年龄的本质不存在，那么这些迹象，无论是艺术的还是自然的，都是伪造的和荒谬的：而年龄的本质就是智力。
Wherever that appears, we call it old.
无论它出现在哪里，我们都称其为旧的。
If we look into the eyes of the youngest person, we sometimes discover that here is one who knows already what you would go about with much pains to teach him; there is that in him which is the ancestor of all around him: which fact the Indian Vedas express when they say, “He that can discriminate is the father of his father.” And in our old British legends of Arthur and the Round Table, his friend and counsellor, Merlin the Wise, is a babe found exposed in a basket by the river-side, and, though an infant of only a few days, speaks articulately to those who discover him, tells his name and history, and presently foretells the fate of the by-standers.
如果我们看着最年轻的人的眼睛，有时我们会发现这个人已经知道你会费尽心机去教他什么；他身上有一种东西，那就是他周围一切事物的祖先：印度吠陀经说：“能辨别的人是他父亲的父亲”，这表明了这一点。在我们古老的英国传说中，亚瑟王和圆桌会议中，他的朋友和顾问，智者梅林，是一个被发现暴露在河边篮子里的婴儿，虽然是一个只有几天的婴儿，但他能清晰地说话那些发现他的人，讲述了他的名字和历史，并很快预言了旁观者的命运。
Wherever there is power, there is age.
哪里有权力，哪里就有年龄。
Don’t be deceived by dimples and curls.
不要被酒窝和卷发所欺骗。
I tell you that babe is a thousand years old.
我告诉你，宝贝已经一千年了。
Time is, indeed, the theatre and seat of illusion: nothing is so ductile and elastic.
时间确实是幻觉的剧场和所在地：没有什么比它更容易延展和有弹性的了。
The mind stretches an hour to a century, and dwarfs an age to an hour.
心灵可以将一个小时拉长到一个世纪，使一个年龄缩短到一个小时。
Saadi found in a mosque at Damascus an old Persian of a hundred and fifty years who was dying, and was saying to himself, “I said, coming into the world by birth, ‘I will enjoy myself for a few moments.’ Alas! at the variegated table of life I partook of a few mouthfuls, and the Fates said, ‘_Enough!_’” That which does not decay is so central and controlling in us, that, as long as one is alone by himself, he is not sensible of the inroads of time, which always begin at the surface-edges.
萨阿迪在大马士革的一座清真寺里发现了一位一百五十岁的波斯老人，他快要死了，他对自己说：“我出生时就说过，‘我会享受片刻。’”唉!在生命的杂色餐桌上，我吃了几口，命运说：“够了！_””不腐烂的东西在我们身上是如此重要和控制，以至于只要一个人独自一人，他就对时间的侵蚀不敏感，时间的侵蚀总是从表面边缘开始。
If, on a winter day, you should stand within a bell-glass, the face and color of the afternoon clouds would not indicate whether it were June or January; and if we did not find the reflection of ourselves in the eyes of the young people, we could not know that the century-clock had struck seventy instead of twenty.
如果在冬日，你站在钟形玻璃内，下午云的形状和颜色将无法表明是六月还是一月；如果我们没有在年轻人的眼中找到自己的影子，我们就无法知道世纪的时钟已经敲响了七十而不是二十。
How many men habitually believe that each chance passenger with whom they converse is of their own age, and presently find it was his father, and not his brother, whom they knew! But not to press too hard on these deceits and illusions of Nature, which are inseparable from our condition, and looking at age under an aspect more conformed to the common sense, if the question be the felicity of age, I fear the first popular judgments will be unfavorable.
有多少人习惯性地相信每一个与他们交谈的偶然乘客都是他们的同龄人，但很快就发现他们所认识的人是他的父亲，而不是他的兄弟！但不要过分强调这些自然的欺骗和幻想，它们与我们的处境密不可分，从更符合常识的角度来看待年龄，如果问题是年龄的幸福，我担心第一大众的判断将会是不利的。
From the point of sensuous experience, seen from the streets and markets and the haunts of pleasure and gain, the estimate of age is low, melancholy, and sceptical.
从感官体验的角度来看，从街道和市场以及享乐和收益的出没处来看，对年龄的估计是低的、忧郁的和怀疑的。
Frankly face the facts, and see the result.
坦然面对事实，看看结果。
Tobacco, coffee, alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine, are weak dilutions: the surest poison is time.
烟草、咖啡、酒精、印度大麻、氢氰酸、士的宁都是弱稀释液：最可靠的毒药是时间。
This cup, which Nature puts to our lips, has a wonderful virtue, surpassing that of any other draught.
大自然送到我们嘴边的这杯酒，具有奇妙的功效，超越任何其他饮料。
It opens the senses, adds power, fills us with exalted dreams, which we call hope, love, ambition, science: especially, it creates a craving for larger draughts of itself.
它打开了感官，增加了力量，让我们充满了崇高的梦想，我们称之为希望、爱、野心、科学：特别是，它创造了对更大的草稿的渴望。
But they who take the larger draughts are drunk with it, lose their stature, strength, beauty, and senses, and end in folly and delirium.
但喝了大杯的人却喝醉了，失去了身材、力量、美丽和感官，最终陷入愚蠢和精神错乱。
We postpone our literary work until we have more ripeness and skill to write, and we one day discover that our literary talent was a youthful effervescence which we have now lost.
我们推迟我们的文学工作，直到我们更加成熟和有技巧来写作，有一天我们发现我们的文学才华是一种我们现在失去的青春活力。
We had a judge in Massachusetts who at sixty proposed to resign, alleging that he perceived a certain, decay in his faculties; he was dissuaded by his friends, on account of the public convenience at that time.
我们在马萨诸塞州有一位法官，他在六十岁的时候提出辞职，声称他发现自己的才能有所衰退。出于当时公众的方便，他被朋友劝阻。
At seventy it was hinted to him that it was time to retire; but he now replied, that he thought his judgment as robust, and all his faculties as good as ever they were.
七十岁时，有人向他暗示，是时候退休了。但他现在回答说，他认为自己的判断力一如既往，所有的能力也一如既往。
But besides the self-deception, the strong and hasty laborers of the street do not work well with the chronic valetudinarian.
但除了自欺欺人之外，强壮而匆忙的街头劳工与长期体弱多病的人相处不好。
Youth is everywhere in place.
青春无处不在。
Age, like woman, requires fit surroundings.
年龄和女人一样，需要合适的环境。
Age is comely in coaches, in churches, in chairs of state, and ceremony, in council-chambers, in courts of justice, and historical societies.
在马车、教堂、国家主席、仪式、议会厅、法院和历史协会中，年龄都是美丽的。
Age is becoming in the country.
在这个国家，年龄正在变得越来越大。
But in the rush and uproar of Broadway, if you look into the faces of the passengers, there is dejection or indignation in the seniors, a certain concealed sense of injury, and the lip made up with a heroic determination not to mind it.
但在百老汇熙熙攘攘的喧嚣中，如果你看向乘客们的脸，你会发现，前辈们的脸上有沮丧或愤慨，有某种隐藏的受伤感，嘴唇上却装着一种不介意的英勇决心。
Few envy the consideration enjoyed by the oldest inhabitant.
很少有人羡慕最年长的居民所受到的关注。
We do not count a man’s years, until he has nothing else to count.
我们不会计算一个人的年龄，直到他没有别的东西可以计算。
The vast inconvenience of animal immortality was told in the fable of Tithonus.
提托诺斯的寓言讲述了动物永生带来的巨大不便。
In short, the creed of the street is, Old Age is not disgraceful, but immensely disadvantageous.
简而言之，这条街的信条是：年老并不可耻，而是极其不利。
Life is well enough, but we shall all be glad to get out of it, and they will all be glad to have us.
生活已经足够美好了，但我们都会很高兴摆脱它，他们也会很高兴拥有我们。
This is odious on the face of it.
从表面上看，这是令人厌恶的。
Universal convictions are not to be shaken by the whimseys of overfed butchers and firemen, or by the sentimental fears of girls who would keep the infantile bloom on their cheeks.
普遍的信念不会被过度喂养的屠夫和消防员的奇思妙想所动摇，也不会被女孩们的情感恐惧所动摇，因为女孩们会在脸颊上保留婴儿般的花朵。
We know the value of experience.
我们知道经验的价值。
Life and art are cumulative; and he who has accomplished something in any department alone deserves to be heard on that subject.
生活与艺术是累积的；在任何部门取得成就的人都值得在这个问题上被倾听。
A man of great employments and excellent performance used to assure me that he did not think a man worth anything until he was sixty; although this smacks a little of the resolution of a certain “Young Men’s Republican Club,” that all men should be held eligible who were under seventy.
一个工作出色、表现出色的人曾经向我保证，他认为一个人在六十岁之前没有任何价值；他认为一个人在六十岁之前没有任何价值。尽管这有点像某个“青年共和党俱乐部”的决议，即所有七十岁以下的男性都应该有资格。
But in all governments, the councils of power were held by the old; and patricians or _patres_, senate or _senes_, _seigneurs_ or seniors, _gerousia_, the senate of Sparta, the presbytery of the Church, and the like, all signify simply old men.
但在所有政府中，权力委员会都是由老年人担任的。贵族或_patres_、元老院或_senes_、_seigneurs_或老年人、_gerousia_、斯巴达元老院、教会长老会等等，都只表示老人。
The cynical creed or lampoon of the market is refuted by the universal prayer for long life, which is the verdict of Nature, and justified by all history.
市场的愤世嫉俗的信条或讽刺被普遍的长寿祈祷所驳斥，这是自然的判决，并被所有历史证明是合理的。
We have, it is true, examples of an accelerated pace by which young men achieved grand works; as in the Macedonian Alexander, in Raffaelle, Shakspeare, Pascal, Burns, and Byron; but these are rare exceptions.
确实，我们有这样的例子：年轻人通过加快步伐取得了伟大的成就。正如马其顿的亚历山大、拉斐尔、莎士比亚、帕斯卡、伯恩斯和拜伦一样；但这些都是罕见的例外。
Nature, in the main, vindicates her law.
大自然基本上证明了她的法则。
Skill to do comes of doing; knowledge comes by eyes always open, and working hands; and there is no knowledge that is not power.
做事的技巧源于做事；知识来自于睁大的眼睛和勤劳的双手；没有什么知识不是力量。
Béranger said, “Almost all the good workmen live long.” And if the life be true and noble, we have quite another sort of seniors than the frowzy, timorous, peevish dotards who are falsely old,--namely, the men who fear no city, but by whom cities stand; who appearing in any street, the people empty their houses to gaze at and obey them: as at “My Cid, with the fleecy beard,” in Toledo; or Bruce, as Barbour reports him; as blind old Dandolo, elected Doge at eighty-four years, storming Constantinople at ninety-four, and after the revolt again victorious, and elected at the age of ninety-six to the throne of the Eastern Empire, which he declined, and died Doge at ninety-seven.
贝朗热说：“几乎所有的好工人都长寿。”如果生活是真实而高尚的，那么我们就有了另一种老年人，而不是那些邋遢、胆怯、脾气暴躁、假装老的老糊涂者，即那些不惧怕城市、但城市靠在他们身边的人；当他们出现在任何街道上时，人们都会清空自己的房屋来注视并服从他们：例如托莱多的“我的长着蓬松胡须的西德”；或布鲁斯，正如巴伯所报道的那样；失明的老丹多洛，八十四岁时当选总督，九十四岁时攻克君士坦丁堡，起义后再次取得胜利，九十六岁时当选为东帝国王位，但他拒绝了并去世总督九十七岁。
We still feel the force of Socrates, “whom well-advised the oracle pronounced wisest of men”; of Archimedes, holding Syracuse against the Romans by his wit, and himself better than all their nation; of Michel Angelo, wearing the four crowns of architecture, sculpture, painting, and poetry; of Galileo, of whose blindness Castelli said, “The noblest eye is darkened that Nature ever made,--an eye that hath seen more than all that went before him, and hath opened the eyes of all that shall come after him”; of Newton, who made an important discovery for every one of his eighty-five years; of Bacon, who “took all knowledge to be his province”; of Fontenelle, “that precious porcelain vase laid up in the centre of France to be guarded with the utmost care for a hundred years”; of Franklin, Jefferson, and Adams, the wise and heroic statesmen; of Washington, the perfect citizen; of Wellington, the perfect soldier; of Goethe, the all-knowing poet; of Humboldt, the encyclopædia of science.
我们仍然感受到苏格拉底的力量，“他的神谕被认为是最明智的人”；阿基米德凭借他的智慧使锡拉丘兹对抗罗马人，他自己比他们的所有民族都更好。戴着建筑、雕塑、绘画、诗歌四冠的米开朗基罗；卡斯特利谈到伽利略的失明时说：“大自然创造的最高贵的眼睛是黑暗的，这只眼睛比他之前的一切都看到了更多，并且开启了他之后所有人们的眼睛”；牛顿，在他八十五年的一生中，每一年都会做出一项重要的发现；培根“将所有知识视为他的职责”；丰特内尔（Fontenelle）说：“这个珍贵的瓷瓶被存放在法国中部，被精心保管了一百年”；富兰克林、杰斐逊和亚当斯这些睿智而英勇的政治家；华盛顿，完美的公民；威灵顿，完美的士兵；歌德，这位无所不知的诗人；洪堡的科学百科全书。
Under the general assertion of the well-being of age, we can easily count particular benefits of that condition.
在对年龄健康的普遍主张下，我们可以很容易地计算出这种情况的特殊好处。
It has weathered the perilous capes and shoals in the sea whereon we sail, and the chief evil of life is taken away in removing the grounds of fear.
它经历了我们航行的大海中危险的海角和浅滩，消除了恐惧的理由，消除了生活中的主要罪恶。
The insurance of a ship expires as she enters the harbor at home.
当她在家里进港时，船舶的保险就到期了。
It were strange, if a man should turn his sixtieth year without a feeling of immense relief from the number of dangers he has escaped.
如果一个人在六十岁的时候没有因摆脱了许多危险而感到巨大的解脱，那就很奇怪了。
When the old wife says, ‘Take care of that tumor in your shoulder, perhaps it is cancerous,’--he replies, ‘I am yielding to a surer decomposition.’ The humorous thief who drank a pot of beer at the gallows blew off the froth because he had heard it was unhealthy; but it will not add a pang to the prisoner marched out to be shot, to assure him that the pain in his knee threatens mortification.
当老妻子说：“照顾好你肩膀上的肿瘤，也许它是癌性的，”他回答说，“我正在屈服于更确定的分解。”那个幽默的小偷在绞刑架上喝了一壶啤酒，把泡沫吹掉了，因为他听说这对健康有害。但这不会给被押送枪杀的囚犯增添痛苦，以向他保证膝盖的疼痛威胁着他的屈辱。
When the pleuro-pneumonia of the cows raged, the butchers said, that, though the acute degree was novel, there never was a time when this disease did not occur among cattle.
当牛的胸膜肺炎肆虐时，屠夫们说，虽然急性程度是新奇的，但这种疾病从来没有在牛中发生过。
All men carry seeds of all distempers through life latent, and we die without developing them; such is the affirmative force of the constitution; but if you are enfeebled by any cause, some of these sleeping seeds start and open.
所有人一生中都潜伏着各种疾病的种子，我们死后还没有发展出这些种子；这就是宪法的肯定性力量；但如果你因某种原因而衰弱，一些沉睡的种子就会开始并开放。
Meantime, at every stage we lose a foe.
与此同时，在每个阶段我们都会失去一个敌人。
At fifty years, ’tis said, afflicted citizens lose their sick-headaches.
据说，五十岁时，受苦受难的公民不再感到头痛。
I hope this _hegira_ is not as movable a feast as that one I annually look for, when the horticulturists assure me that the rosebugs in our gardens disappear on the tenth of July; they stay a fortnight later in mine.
我希望这个_hegira_不像我每年寻找的那样是一场流动的盛宴，当园艺师向我保证我们花园里的玫瑰虫在七月十日消失时；两周后他们在我的住处。
But be it as it may with the sick-headache,--’tis certain that graver headaches and heart-aches are lulled once for all, as we come up with certain goals of time.
但无论是病态头痛，还是肯定的是，当我们提出某些时间目标时，更严重的头痛和心痛就会一劳永逸地得到缓解。
The passions have answered their purpose: that slight but dread overweight, with which, in each instance, Nature secures the execution of her aim, drops off.
激情已经满足了它们的目的：那种轻微但可怕的恐惧，在每一个例子中，大自然都用它来确保其目标的实现，但它却消失了。
To keep man in the planet, she impresses the terror of death.
为了让人类留在这个星球上，她让死亡变得可怕。
To perfect the commissariat, she implants in each a certain rapacity to get the supply, and a little oversupply, of his wants.
为了完善粮食，她向每个人灌输一定的贪婪精神，以满足他的需要，甚至有点供过于求。
To insure the existence of the race, she reinforces the sexual instinct, at the risk of disorder, grief, and pain.
为了确保种族的存在，她冒着混乱、悲伤和痛苦的风险强化了性本能。
To secure strength, she plants cruel hunger and thirst, which so easily overdo their office, and invite disease.
为了获得力量，她植入了残酷的饥饿和口渴，这很容易超出他们的职责，并引发疾病。
But these temporary stays and shifts for the protection of the young animal are shed as fast as they can be replaced by nobler resources.
但这些为了保护幼崽而临时停留和轮班的行为很快就会被更宝贵的资源所取代。
We live in youth amidst this rabble of passions, quite too tender, quite too hungry and irritable.
我们年轻时生活在这群充满激情的乌合之众中，太温柔，太饥饿，太易怒。
Later, the interiors of mind and heart open, and supply grander motives.
后来，思想和心灵的内部开放，并提供更宏伟的动机。
We learn the fatal compensations that wait on every act.
我们了解到每一个行为都会带来致命的补偿。
Then,--one after another,--this riotous time-destroying crew disappear.
然后，——一个又一个——这个破坏时间的骚乱船员消失了。
I count it another capital advantage of age, this, that a success more or less signifies nothing.
我认为这是年龄的另一个资本优势，即成功或多或少意味着什么。
Little by little, it has amassed such a fund of merit, that it can very well afford to go on its credit when it will.
一点一点地，它已经积累了如此多的功绩基金，以至于它完全可以在需要时继续依靠信用。
When I chanced to meet the poet Wordsworth, then sixty-three years old, he told me, “that he had just had a fall and lost a tooth, and, when his companions were much concerned for the mischance, he had replied, that he was glad it had not happened forty years before.” Well, Nature takes care that we shall not lose our organs forty years too soon.
当我偶然见到当时六十三岁的诗人华兹华斯时，他告诉我，“他刚刚摔了一跤，掉了一颗牙，当他的同伴们非常担心这次不幸时，他回答说，他很高兴四十年前没有发生过这种事。”好吧，大自然照顾我们，不让我们过早四十年失去我们的器官。
A lawyer argued a cause yesterday in the Supreme Court, and I was struck with a certain air of levity and defiance which vastly became him.
昨天，一位律师在最高法院就一项案件进行了辩护，我被他身上那种轻率和蔑视的神态所震撼。
Thirty years ago it was a serious concern to him whether his pleading was good and effective.
三十年前，他非常关心自己的恳求是否良好、有效。
Now it is of importance to his client, but of none to himself.
现在这对他的客户来说很重要，但对他自己来说却毫无意义。
It has been long already fixed what he can do and cannot do, and his reputation does not gain or suffer from one or a dozen new performances.
他能做什么、不能做什么早已被定下来，他的名声不会因一打或十几场新表演而获得或受损。
If he should, on a new occasion, rise quite beyond his mark, and achieve somewhat great and extraordinary, that, of course, would instantly tell; but he may go below his mark with impunity, and people will say, ‘O, he had headache,’ or, ‘He lost his sleep for two nights.’ What a lust of appearance, what a load of anxieties that once degraded him, he is thus rid of! Every one is sensible of this cumulative advantage in living.
如果他在一个新的场合超越了自己的标准，取得了某种伟大和非凡的成就，那当然会立即显现出来；但他可能会低于自己的标准而不受惩罚，人们会说，“哦，他头痛，”或者，“他有两个晚上失眠了。”曾经使他堕落的多么大的外表欲望，多么大的忧虑，他就这样摆脱了！每个人都意识到这种生活中累积的优势。
All the good days behind him are sponsors, who speak for him when he is silent, pay for him when he has no money, introduce him where he has no letters, and work for him when he sleeps.
他身后所有的好日子都是赞助商，在他沉默时为他说话，在他没钱时为他付钱，在他无信时为他介绍，在他睡觉时为他工作。
A third felicity of age is, that it has found expression.
年龄的第三个幸福是，它已经找到了表达。
The youth suffers not only from ungratified desires, but from powers untried, and from a picture in his mind of a career which has, as yet, no outward reality.
年轻人不仅因未满足的欲望而苦恼，而且因未经尝试的力量而苦恼，还因他心中对职业的想象而外在现实尚未实现。
He is tormented with the want of correspondence between things and thoughts.
他因事物与思想之间缺乏对应而感到痛苦。
Michel Angelo’s head is full of masculine and gigantic figures as gods walking, which make him savage until his furious chisel can render them into marble; and of architectural dreams, until a hundred stone-masons can lay them in courses of travertine.
米开朗基罗的脑袋里充满了阳刚而巨大的人物，就像神在行走，这让他变得野蛮，直到他狂暴的凿子将它们变成大理石；和建筑梦想，直到一百个石匠可以将它们放置在石灰华层中。
There is the like tempest in every good head in which some great benefit for the world is planted.
每一个善良的头脑中都有类似的风暴，其中埋藏着对世界的巨大利益。
The throes continue until the child is born.
这种阵痛一直持续到孩子出生。
Every faculty new to each man thus goads him and drives him out into doleful deserts, until it finds proper vent.
每个人的每一种新能力都会这样刺激他，把他赶到凄凉的沙漠中，直到找到适当的发泄途径。
All the functions of human duty irritate and lash him forward, bemoaning and chiding, until they are performed.
人类义务的所有职能都会激怒并鞭策他前进，哀叹和责备，直到他们履行为止。
He wants friends, employment, knowledge, power, house and land, wife and children, honor and fame; he has religious wants, æsthetic wants, domestic, civil, humane wants.
他想要朋友、工作、知识、权力、房子和土地、妻子和孩子、荣誉和名誉；他有宗教的需求、审美的需求、家庭的、公民的、人道的需求。
One by one, day after day, he learns to coin his wishes into facts.
日复一日，他学会了将自己的愿望变成现实。
He has his calling, homestead, social connection, and personal power, and thus, at the end of fifty years, his soul is appeased by seeing some sort of correspondence between his wish and his possession.
他有他的使命、家园、社会联系和个人权力，因此，在五十年后，他的灵魂因看到他的愿望和他的财产之间的某种对应而得到安抚。
This makes the value of age, the satisfaction it slowly offers to every craving.
这使得年龄变得有价值，它慢慢地为每一种渴望提供满足。
He is serene who does not feel himself pinched and wronged, but whose condition, in particular and in general, allows the utterance of his mind.
他是平静的，不会感到自己受到挤压和委屈，但他的处境，特别是一般情况下，允许他表达自己的想法。
In old persons, when thus fully expressed, we often observe a fair, plump, perennial, waxen complexion, which indicates that all the ferment of earlier days has subsided into serenity of thought and behavior.
在老年人身上，当这种情况得到充分表达时，我们常常会观察到白皙、丰润、常年蜡黄的肤色，这表明早年的所有骚动都已平息，思想和行为变得平静。
The compensations of Nature play in age as in youth.
大自然的补偿在年龄和青年时期都起作用。
In a world so charged and sparkling with power, a man does not live long and actively without costly additions of experience, which, though not spoken, are recorded in his mind.
在一个如此充满力量、闪闪发光的世界里，如果没有昂贵的经验积累，一个人就无法长寿和积极地生活，这些经验虽然没有说出来，但却记录在他的脑海中。
What to the youth is only a guess or a hope, is in the veteran a digested statute.
对于年轻人来说只是猜测或希望的东西，对于老兵来说却是一条消化的法则。
He beholds the feats of the juniors with complacency, but as one who, having long ago known these games, has refined them into results and morals.
他沾沾自喜地看着后辈们的壮举，但作为一个早已了解这些比赛的人，他已将其提炼为结果和道德。
The Indian Red Jacket, when the young braves were boasting their deeds, said, “But the sixties have all the twenties and forties in them.” For a fourth benefit, age sets its house in order, and finishes its works, which to every artist is a supreme pleasure.
当年轻的勇士们吹嘘自己的事迹时，印度红夹克说：“但是六十年代的人身上全都是二、四十岁的人。”第四个好处是，岁月整理好自己的房子，完成自己的作品，这对每个艺术家来说都是一种至高无上的乐趣。
Youth has an excess of sensibility, before which every object glitters and attracts.
青春有过剩的感性，在他面前任何事物都闪闪发光，吸引人。
We leave one pursuit for another, and the young man’s year is a heap of beginnings.
我们把一个追求留给另一个追求，年轻人的这一年是一堆开始。
At the end of a twelvemonth, he has nothing to show for it,--not one completed work.
十二个月结束时，他一无所获——没有一件完成的作品。
But the time is not lost.
但时间并没有浪费。
Our instincts drove us to hive innumerable experiences, that are yet of no visible value, and which we may keep for twice seven years before they shall be wanted.
我们的本能驱使我们积累无数的经验，这些经验还没有明显的价值，我们可能会保留这些经验两次七年，然后才会被需要。
The best things are of secular growth.
最好的事情是长期增长。
The instinct of classifying marks the wise and healthy mind.
分类的本能标志着智慧和健康的心灵。
Linnæus projects his system, and lays out his twenty-four classes of plants, before yet he has found in Nature a single plant to justify certain of his classes.
林奈提出了他的系统，并列出了他的二十四类植物，在此之前，他已经在自然界中发现了一种植物来证明他的某些类别的合理性。
His seventh class has not one.
他的七班没有一个。
In process of time, he finds with delight the little white _Trientalis_, the only plant with seven petals and sometimes seven stamens, which constitutes a seventh class in conformity with his system.
随着时间的推移，他高兴地发现了白色的小Trientalis，这是唯一一种有七个花瓣，有时还有七个雄蕊的植物，按照他的系统，它构成了第七类。
The conchologist builds his cabinet whilst as yet he has few shells.
贝壳学家在他还没有多少贝壳的情况下建造了他的橱柜。
He labels shelves for classes, cells for species: all but a few are empty.
他将架子标记为类别，将牢房标记为物种：除了少数之外，所有的都是空的。
But every year fills some blanks, and with accelerating speed as he becomes knowing and known.
但每年都会填补一些空白，并且随着他变得了解和为人所知，速度会加快。
An old scholar finds keen delight in verifying the impressive anecdotes and citations he has met with in miscellaneous reading and hearing, in all the years of youth.
一位老学者，乐于验证自己年轻时在各种阅读和耳闻中所遇到的令人印象深刻的轶事和引文。
We carry in memory important anecdotes, and have lost all clew to the author from whom we had them.
我们的记忆中保留着重要的轶事，但却失去了我们从作者那里得到的所有线索。
We have a heroic speech from Rome or Greece, but cannot fix it on the man who said it.
我们有来自罗马或希腊的英雄演讲，但无法将其归咎于说这句话的人。
We have an admirable line worthy of Horace, ever and anon resounding in our mind’s ear, but have searched all probable and improbable books for it in vain.
我们有一句堪比贺拉斯的令人钦佩的诗句，时时在我们的脑海中回响，但我们在所有可能和不可能的书籍中寻找这句话却徒劳无功。
We consult the reading men: but, strangely enough, they who know everything know not this.
我们向读书人请教：但奇怪的是，那些无所不知的人却不知道这一点。
But especially we have a certain insulated thought, which haunts us, but remains insulated and barren.
但尤其是我们有某种孤立的思想，它困扰着我们，但仍然是孤立的和贫瘠的。
Well, there is nothing for all this but patience and time.
好吧，除了耐心和时间之外，没有什么可以实现这一切。
Time, yes, that is the finder, the unweariable explorer, not subject to casualties, omniscient at last.
是的，时间就是发现者，是不知疲倦的探索者，不受伤亡，最终无所不知。
The day comes when the hidden author of our story is found; when the brave speech returns straight to the hero who said it; when the admirable verse finds the poet to whom it belongs; and best of all, when the lonely thought, which seemed so wise, yet half-wise, half-thought, because it cast no light abroad, is suddenly matched in our mind by its twin, by its sequence, or next related analogy, which gives it instantly radiating power, and justifies the superstitious instinct with which we have hoarded it.
我们故事的隐藏作者终有一天会被找到；当勇敢的演讲直接回到说出这句话的英雄身上；当令人钦佩的诗句找到了属于它的诗人；最重要的是，当这个孤独的想法看起来如此明智，但却是半明智的，半思想的，因为它没有向外界发出任何光芒，突然在我们的脑海中与它的双胞胎、它的顺序或下一个相关的类比相匹配，它赋予它立即散发出的力量，并证明我们储存它的迷信本能是合理的。
We remember our old Greek Professor at Cambridge, an ancient bachelor, amid his folios, possessed by this hope of completing a task, with nothing to break his leisure after the three hours of his daily classes, yet ever restlessly stroking his leg, and assuring himself “he should retire from the University and read the authors.” In Goethe’s Romance, Makaria, the central figure for wisdom and influence, pleases herself with withdrawing into solitude to astronomy and epistolary correspondence.
我们记得我们在剑桥的老希腊教授，一位古老的单身汉，在他的对开本中，充满了完成任务的希望，在每天三个小时的课程之后没有什么可以打断他的闲暇，但总是不安地抚摸着他的腿，并保证他本人“应该从大学退休并阅读作者的作品。”在歌德的《浪漫史》中，玛卡里亚作为智慧和影响力的中心人物，以隐居于天文学和书信通信为乐。
Goethe himself carried this completion of studies to the highest point.
歌德本人将这一学问的完成推向了最高点。
Many of his works hung on the easel from youth to age, and received a stroke in every month or year.
他的许多作品从少年到老年都挂在画架上，年年年月地被一笔划过。
A literary astrologer, he never applied himself to any task but at the happy moment when all the stars consented.
作为一位文学占星家，除了所有星星都同意的快乐时刻之外，他从来不专心致志于任何任务。
Bentley thought himself likely to live till fourscore,--long enough to read everything that was worth reading,--“_Et tunc magna mei sub terris ibit imago._” Much wider is spread the pleasure which old men take in completing their secular affairs, the inventor his inventions, the agriculturist his experiments, and all old men in finishing their houses, rounding their estates, clearing their titles, reducing tangled interests to order, reconciling enmities, and leaving all in the best posture for the future.
本特利认为自己可能活到四十岁，——足够长的时间阅读所有值得阅读的东西，——“_Et tunc magna mei sub terris ibit imago._”老年人在完成世俗事务时所获得的快乐传播得更广泛。发明家完成他的发明，农业家完成了他的实验，所有的老人都完成了他们的房屋，四舍五入了他们的庄园，清理了他们的所有权，减少了错综复杂的利益秩序，调和了敌意，让一切都为未来做好了最好的准备。
It must be believed that there is a proportion between the designs of a man and the length of his life: there is a calendar of his years, so of his performances.
必须相信，一个人的设计和他生命的长度之间存在着一定的比例：他的岁月有一个日历，他的表现也有一个日历。
America is the country of young men, and too full of work hitherto for leisure and tranquillity; yet we have had robust centenarians, and examples of dignity and wisdom.
美国是一个年轻人的国家，迄今为止，工作太多，没有闲暇和安宁。然而，我们也有坚强的百岁老人，以及尊严和智慧的榜样。
I have lately found in an old note-book a record of a visit to ex-President John Adams, in 1825, soon after the election of his son to the Presidency.
我最近在一本旧笔记本中发现了 1825 年拜访前总统约翰·亚当斯 (John Adams) 的记录，当时他的儿子当选总统后不久。
It is but a sketch, and nothing important passed in the conversation; but it reports a moment in the life of a heroic person, who, in extreme old age, appeared still erect and worthy of his fame.
这只是一个草图，谈话中没有发生任何重要的事情；但它报道了一位英雄人物一生中的一个时刻，他在年老时仍然挺立，值得他的名声。
_----, Feb., 1825._ To-day, at Quincy, with my brother, by invitation of Mr.
_----，1825 年 2 月。_ 今天，应昆西先生的邀请，与我的兄弟一起在昆西。
Adams’s family.
亚当斯的家人。
The old President sat in a large stuffed arm-chair, dressed in a blue coat, black small-clothes, white stockings; a cotton cap covered his bald head.
老总统坐在一张大的填充扶手椅上，穿着蓝色外套、黑色内衣、白色长袜；一顶棉帽盖住了他的光头。
We made our compliment, told him he must let us join our congratulations to those of the nation on the happiness of his house.
我们向他致意，告诉他他必须让我们和全国人民一起祝贺他的家庭幸福。
He thanked us, and said: “I am rejoiced, because the nation is happy.
他感谢我们，并说：“我很高兴，因为国家幸福。
The time of gratulation and congratulations is nearly over with me: I am astonished that I have lived to see and know of this event.
我的庆幸和祝贺的时光即将结束：我很惊讶我能活着看到并知道这一事件。
I have lived now nearly a century; [he was ninety in the following October:] a long, harassed, and distracted life.”--I said, “The world thinks a good deal of joy has been mixed with it.”--“The world does not know,” he replied, “how much toil, anxiety, and sorrow I have suffered.”--I asked if Mr.
我现在已经活了近一个世纪了； [第二年十月他就九十岁了：]漫长、烦恼、心烦意乱的生活。”——我说，“世人认为其中夹杂着很多欢乐。”——“世人不知道， ”他回答说，“我受了多少辛劳、焦虑和悲伤。”——我问先生是否如此。
Adams’s letter of acceptance had been read to him.--“Yes,” he said, and, added, “My son has more political prudence than any man that I know who has existed in my time; he never was put off his guard: and I hope he will continue such; but what effect age may work in diminishing the power of his mind, I do not know; it has been very much on the stretch, ever since he was born.
亚当斯的录取通知书已被宣读给他听。——“是的，”他说，并补充道，“我的儿子比我所认识的同时代的任何人都更加谨慎。他从未放松警惕：我希望他能继续这样；但我不知道年龄会对他的智力产生何种影响。自从他出生以来，一切都处于紧张状态。
He has always been laborious, child and man, from infancy.”--When Mr.
他从婴儿时期起就一直很勤奋，不管是孩子还是大人。”——当先生。
J.
J。
Q.
问。
Adams’s age was mentioned, he said, “He is now fifty-eight, or will be in July”; and remarked that “all the Presidents were of the same age: General Washington was about fifty-eight, and I was about fifty-eight, and Mr.
当提到亚当斯的年龄时，他说：“他现在五十八岁，或者七月份就五十八岁了”；并说道：“所有总统的年龄都相同：华盛顿将军大约五十八岁，我大约五十八岁，而华盛顿先生大约五十八岁。
Jefferson, and Mr.
杰斐逊和先生。
Madison, and Mr.
麦迪逊和先生。
Monroe.”--We inquired when he expected to see Mr.
门罗。”——我们询问他预计什么时候见到门罗先生。
Adams.--He said: “Never: Mr.
亚当斯——他说：“从来没有：先生。
Adams will not come to Quincy but to my funeral.
亚当斯不会来昆西，而是参加我的葬礼。
It would be a great satisfaction to me to see him, but I don’t wish him to come on my account.”--He spoke of Mr.
见到他我会很高兴，但我不希望他为了我的缘故来。”——他谈到先生。
Lechmere, whom he “well remembered to have seen come down daily, at a great age, to walk in the old town-house,”--adding, “And I wish I could walk as well as he did.
莱希米尔，他“清楚地记得，他在高龄时，每天都下来在古老的联排别墅里散步，”——补充道，“我希望我能像他一样走路。
He was Collector of the Customs for many years under the Royal Government.”--E.
他在王国政府任内多年担任海关税务长。”--E.
said: “I suppose, sir, you would not have taken his place, even to walk as well as he.”--“No,” he replied, “that was not what I wanted.”--He talked of Whitefield, and “remembered when he was a Freshman in College, to have come into town to the _Old South_ church, [I think,] to hear him, but could not get into the house;--I however, saw him,” he said, “through a window, and distinctly heard all.
说：“我想，先生，你不会取代他的位置，甚至不会像他一样走路。”——“不，”他回答说，“那不是我想要的。”——他谈到怀特菲尔德，他说：“记得当他还是大学一年级新生时，他来到城里的旧南教堂，[我想]是为了听他讲话，但无法进入房子；然而，我看到了他。” ，“透过窗户，清楚地听到了一切。
He had a voice such as I never heard before or since.
他的声音是我以前从未听过的。
He cast it out so that you might hear it at the meeting-house, [pointing towards the Quincy meeting-house,] and he had the grace of a dancing-master, of an actor of plays.
他把它扔出去，这样你就可以在教堂里听到它，[指着昆西教堂，]他有舞蹈大师、戏剧演员的优雅。
His voice and manner helped him more than his sermons.
他的声音和举止比他的布道对他更有帮助。
I went with Jonathan Sewall.”--“And you were pleased with him, sir?”--“Pleased! I was delighted beyond measure.”--We asked if at Whitefield’s return the same popularity continued.--“Not the same fury,” he said, “not the same wild enthusiasm as before, but a greater esteem, as he became more known.
我和乔纳森·休厄尔一起去了。”--“您对他感到满意吗，先生？”--“高兴！我高兴极了。”——我们问怀特菲尔德回来时，同样的受欢迎程度是否继续。——“不再是同样的愤怒，”他说，“不再是像以前那样狂热的热情，而是一种更大的尊重，因为他变得更加已知。
He did not terrify, but was admired.” We spent about an hour in his room.
他不但没有让人害怕，反而让人钦佩。”我们在他的房间里呆了大约一个小时。
He speaks very distinctly for so old a man, enters bravely into long sentences, which are interrupted by want of breath, but carries them invariably to a conclusion, without correcting a word.
对于这么老的人来说，他的讲话非常清晰，勇敢地说出长句子，这些句子因呼吸困难而被打断，但总是得出结论，没有纠正一个词。
He spoke of the new novels of Cooper, and “Peep at the Pilgrims,” and “Saratoga,” with praise, and named with accuracy the characters in them.
他称赞库珀的新小说《窥视朝圣者》和《萨拉托加》，并准确地说出了书中人物的名字。
He likes to have a person always reading to him, or company talking in his room, and is better the next day after having visitors in his chamber from morning to night.
他喜欢有人总是给他读书，或者有人在他的房间里说话，而且在他的房间从早到晚都有访客之后，第二天会更好。
He received a premature report of his son’s election, on Sunday afternoon, without any excitement, and told the reporter he had been hoaxed, for it was not yet time for any news to arrive.
周日下午，他过早地收到了儿子当选的报告，没有任何兴奋，并告诉记者他被骗了，因为现在还没有到任何消息的时候。
The informer, something damped in his heart, insisted on repairing to the meeting-house, and proclaimed it aloud to the congregation, who were so overjoyed that they rose in their seats and cheered thrice.
告密者心里有些湿漉漉的，执意要赶到礼拜堂，向会众大声宣布，众人大喜，从座位上站起来，欢呼三次。
The Reverend Mr.
牧师先生
Whitney dismissed them immediately.
惠特尼立即解雇了他们。
*       *       *       *       * When life has been well spent, age is a loss of what it can well spare,--muscular strength, organic instincts, gross bulk, and works that belong to these.
* * * * * 当生命被充分利用时，年龄就意味着它可以节省的东西的损失——肌肉力量、有机本能、总体积以及属于这些的工作。
But the central wisdom, which was old in infancy, is young in fourscore years, and, dropping off obstructions, leaves in happy subjects the mind purified and wise.
然而，在婴儿期就已老去的中心智慧，在四十岁的时候就变得年轻了，并且消除了障碍，在快乐的臣民中留下了净化和智慧的心。
I have heard that whoever loves is in no condition old.
我听说，有爱的人不会老。
I have heard, that, whenever the name of man is spoken, the doctrine of immortality is announced; it cleaves to his constitution.
我听说，每当说出人的名字时，就宣告了不朽的教义；它与他的宪法密不可分。
The mode of it baffles our wit, and no whisper comes to us from the other side.
它的模式让我们困惑不已，没有任何耳语从另一边传来。
But the inference from the working of intellect, hiving knowledge, hiving skill,--at the end of life just ready to be born,--affirms the inspirations of affection and of the moral sentiment.
但是，从智力、蜂群知识、蜂群技能的运作中得出的推论——在生命的尽头，即将出生——证实了情感和道德情感的启发。
THE END.
结束。
Cambridge: Printed by Welch, Bigelow, and Company.
剑桥：韦尔奇、毕格罗公司印刷。
FOOTNOTES: [A] Dr.
脚注：[A] 博士。
Thomas Brown.
托马斯·布朗.
[B] Iliad, III.
[B] 伊利亚特，III。
191
191
[C] Diary, I.
[C] 日记，I.
169
169
TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES: Italicized text is surrounded by underscores: _italics_.
转录员注释：斜体文本周围有下划线：_斜体_。
Obvious typographical errors have been corrected.
明显的印刷错误已得到纠正。
Inconsistencies in hyphenation have been standardized.
连字符中的不一致已经标准化。
Archaic or variant spelling has been retained.
古老的或变体的拼写已被保留。
The cover image for this eBook was created by the transcriber using the original cover and is entered into the public domain.
本电子书的封面图像由转录员使用原始封面创建，并已进入公共领域。
*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK SOCIETY AND SOLITUDE: TWELVE CHAPTERS *** Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will be renamed.
*** 古腾堡电子书社会与孤独项目结束：十二章 *** 更新版本将取代以前的版本——旧版本将被重命名。
Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S.
使用不受美国保护的印刷版创作作品
copyright law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
版权法意味着没有人拥有这些作品的美国版权，因此基金会（和您！）可以在未经许可且无需支付版权使用费的情况下在美国复制和分发这些作品。
Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™ concept and trademark.
本许可的一般使用条款部分中规定的特殊规则适用于复制和分发 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品，以保护 PROJECT GUTENBERG™ 概念和商标。
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use of the Project Gutenberg trademark.
Project Gutenberg 是注册商标，如果您对电子书收费，则不得使用该商标，除非遵守商标许可条款，包括支付使用 Project Gutenberg 商标的版税。
If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very easy.
如果您对本电子书的副本不收取任何费用，那么遵守商标许可就非常容易。
You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
您可以将此电子书用于几乎任何目的，例如创作衍生作品、报告、表演和研究。
Project Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected by U.S.
古腾堡计划电子书可能会被修改、印刷并赠送——您几乎可以在美国使用不受美国保护的电子书做任何事情
copyright law.
版权法。
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
再分发须遵守商标许可，尤其是商业再分发。
START: FULL LICENSE THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license.
开始：完整许可 完整的古腾堡项目许可 请在分发或使用本作品之前阅读本内容 通过使用或分发本作品（或以任何方式相关的任何其他作品），以保护古腾堡™项目促进电子作品免费分发的使命包含“Project Gutenberg”），即表示您同意遵守本文件或 www.gutenberg.org/license 上提供的完整 Project Gutenberg™ 许可证的所有条款。
Section 1.
第 1 节。
General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works 1.A.
一般使用条款和再分发 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品 1.A.
By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™ electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
通过阅读或使用本古腾堡计划™电子作品的任何部分，您表明您已阅读、理解、同意并接受本许可和知识产权（商标/版权）协议的所有条款。
If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession.
如果您不同意遵守本协议的所有条款，您必须停止使用并归还或销毁您拥有的古腾堡计划电子作品的所有副本。
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
如果您为获取古腾堡计划™电子作品的副本或访问权限支付了费用，并且您不同意受本协议条款的约束，您可以从您支付费用的个人或实体处获得退款如第 1.E.8 段所述。
1.B.
1.B.
“Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark.
“古腾堡计划”是注册商标。
It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
它只能由同意受本协议条款约束的人在电子作品上使用或以任何方式与电子作品相关联。
There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
即使不遵守本协议的全部条款，您也可以对大多数古腾堡计划™电子作品执行一些操作。
See paragraph 1.C below.
参见下文第 1.C 段。
There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™ electronic works.
如果您遵守本协议的条款并帮助保留未来对 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品的免费访问，您可以使用 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品做很多事情。
See paragraph 1.E below.
参见下文第 1.E 段。
1.C.
1.C.
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works.
古腾堡计划文学档案基金会（“基金会”或 PGLAF）拥有古腾堡计划™电子作品集的汇编版权。
Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.
馆藏中几乎所有的个人作品均属于美国的公共领域。
If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.
如果个别作品不受美国版权法的保护，并且您位于美国，我们不主张有权阻止您复制、分发、表演、展示或创建基于该作品的衍生作品，只要所有对古腾堡计划的引用都被删除。
Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™ works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work.
当然，我们希望您能够按照本协议条款自由共享 Project Gutenberg™ 作品，以支持 Project Gutenberg™ 促进免费获取电子作品的使命，以保持 Project Gutenberg™ 名称与作品相关联。
You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when you share it without charge with others.
当您与他人免费共享本作品时，您可以轻松地遵守本协议的条款，方法是保持本作品与其附加的完整 Project Gutenberg™ 许可证相同的格式。
1.D.
1.D。
The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
您所在地区的版权法也管辖您可以对本作品进行的操作。
Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
大多数国家的版权法都处于不断变化的状态。
If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg™ work.
如果您在美国境外，请在下载、复制、展示、执行、分发或创建基于本作品或任何其他古腾堡™项目作品的衍生作品之前，除了本协议的条款之外，还应检查您所在国家/地区的法律。
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the United States.
基金会对美国以外任何国家的任何作品的版权状况不作任何陈述。
1.E.
1.E.
Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg: 1.E.1.
除非您删除了所有对古腾堡计划的引用：1.E.1。
The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.
每当 Project Gutenberg™ 作品的任何副本（任何出现“Project Gutenberg”短语的作品，或带有短语“古腾堡计划”相关）被访问、显示、执行、查看、复制或分发：本电子书可供美国和世界大多数其他地区的任何人免费使用，几乎没有任何限制。
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org.
您可以根据本电子书或 www.gutenberg.org 中包含的古腾堡项目许可条款复制、赠送或重新使用它。
If you are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
如果您不在美国，则在使用本电子书之前必须先检查您所在国家/地区的法律。
1.E.2.
1.E.2。
If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is derived from texts not protected by U.S.
如果个别古腾堡计划™电子作品源自不受美国保护的文本
copyright law (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.
版权法（不包含表明其发布已获得版权所有者许可的通知），该作品可以复制并分发给美国的任何人，而无需支付任何费用或收费。
If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™ trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
如果您要重新分发或提供对与该作品相关或出现在该作品中的“古腾堡计划”短语的作品，您必须遵守第 1.E.1 至 1.E.7 段的要求，或者获得该作品的许可。按照第 1.E.8 或 1.E.9 段的规定使用作品和 Project Gutenberg™ 商标。
1.E.3.
1.E.3。
If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.
如果单个 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品在版权所有者的许可下发布，您的使用和分发必须遵守第 1.E.1 至 1.E.7 段以及版权所有者施加的任何附加条款。
Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
对于经本作品开头版权所有者许可发布的所有作品，附加条款将链接到 Project Gutenberg™ 许可证。
1.E.4.
1.E.4。
Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™ License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.
请勿从本作品或包含本作品或与 Project Gutenberg™ 相关的任何其他作品的任何文件中取消链接、分离或删除完整的 Project Gutenberg™ 许可条款。
1.E.5.
1.E.5。
Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg™ License.
请勿复制、展示、执行、分发或重新分发本电子作品或本电子作品的任何部分，除非突出显示第 1.E.1 段中规定的句子以及活动链接或立即访问项目的完整条款古腾堡™许可证。
1.E.6.
1.E.6。
You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
您可以以任何二进制、压缩、标记、非专有或专有形式转换和分发本作品，包括任何文字处理或超文本形式。
However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website (www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other form.
但是，如果您以“Plain Vanilla ASCII”以外的格式或在古腾堡计划™ 官方网站 (www.gutenberg.org) 上发布的官方版本中使用的其他格式提供对古腾堡™ 计划作品的访问或分发副本，您必须在不向用户产生额外费用、费用或开支的情况下，以原始“Plain Vanilla ASCII”或其他形式提供作品的副本、导出副本的方法或根据要求获取副本的方法。
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
任何替代格式必须包含第 1.E.1 段中指定的完整 Project Gutenberg™ 许可证。
1.E.7.
1.E.7。
Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
除非您遵守第 1.E.8 或 1.E.9 段，否则不得对访问、查看、展示、表演、复制或分发任何古腾堡™ 项目作品收取费用。
1.E.8.
1.E.8。
You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works provided that: • You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.
您可以对 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品的副本、提供访问权限或分发 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品收取合理的费用，前提是： • 您支付使用费为使用该方法计算的使用 Project Gutenberg™ 作品所获得毛利润的 20%。您已用于计算适用的税费。
The fee is owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
该费用应支付给 Project Gutenberg™ 商标的所有者，但他已同意根据本段将版税捐赠给 Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation。
Royalty payments must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns.
特许权使用费必须在您准备（或法律要求准备）定期纳税申报表之日起 60 天内支付。
Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.” • You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™ License.
版税付款应明确标记，并按照第 4 节“有关向古腾堡文学档案基金会捐款的信息”中指定的地址发送至古腾堡文学档案基金会。 • 如果用户在收到后30 天内以书面形式（或通过电子邮件）通知您他/她不同意完整的Project Gutenberg™ 许可证的条款，则您将全额退款。
You must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™ works.
您必须要求此类用户归还或销毁物理介质中拥有的所有作品副本，并停止对古腾堡计划™作品的其他副本的所有使用和访问。
• You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of receipt of the work.
• 如果在收到作品后 90 天内发现并报告给您电子作品中的缺陷，则根据第 1.F.3 段，您将全额退还为作品或替换副本支付的任何款项。
• You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
• 您遵守本协议的所有其他条款，以免费分发Project Gutenberg™ 作品。
1.E.9.
1.E.9。
If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark.
如果您希望以与本协议中规定不同的条款收费或分发古腾堡计划™电子作品或作品组，您必须获得古腾堡计划文学档案基金会（古腾堡计划的管理者）的书面许可™ 商标。
Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
按照下面第 3 节中的规定联系基金会。
1.F.
1.F.
1.F.1.
1.F.1。
Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread works not protected by U.S.
古腾堡计划的志愿者和员工花费大量精力来识别、研究、转录和校对不受美国保护的作品
copyright law in creating the Project Gutenberg™ collection.
创建 Project Gutenberg™ 收藏的版权法。
Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.
尽管做出了这些努力，古腾堡计划™电子作品及其存储介质可能包含“缺陷”，例如但不限于不完整、不准确或损坏的数据、转录错误、版权或其他知识产权侵权、有缺陷或损坏的磁盘或其他介质、计算机病毒或损坏您的设备或您的设备无法读取的计算机代码。
1.F.2.
1.F.2。
LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.
有限保证、免责声明 - 除第 1.F.3 段中所述的“更换或退款权利”外，古腾堡计划文学档案基金会、古腾堡计划™商标的所有者以及分发古腾堡计划的任何其他方™ 本协议下的电子作品，不承担任何损害、成本和费用（包括法律费用）的责任。
YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3.
您同意，除第 1.F.3 段中规定的情况外，您对疏忽、严格责任、违反保证或违反合同没有任何补救措施。
YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
您同意基金会、商标所有者和本协议项下的任何经销商不会对您的实际、直接、间接、后果性、惩罚性或附带损害承担责任，即使您已通知此类损害的可能性。
1.F.3.
1.F.3。
LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.
有限更换或退款权利 - 如果您在收到该电子作品后 90 天内发现该电子作品存在缺陷，您可以通过向您收到该电子作品的人发送书面解释来获得您支付的款项（如果有）的退款。工作从.
If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
如果您收到物理介质上的作品，您必须退回介质并附上书面解释。
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
向您提供有缺陷的作品的个人或实体可以选择提供替换副本来代替退款。
If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
如果您以电子方式收到作品，则向您提供该作品的个人或实体可能会选择为您提供第二次以电子方式接收作品的机会，以代替退款。
If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
如果第二份副本也有缺陷，您可以书面要求退款，而没有进一步解决问题的机会。
1.F.4.
1.F.4。
Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
除第 1.F.3 段中规定的有限更换或退款权利外，本作品按“原样”提供给您，不提供任何其他明示或暗示的保证，包括但不限于以下保证：适销性或适用于任何目的。
1.F.5.
1.F.5。
Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
某些州不允许对某些默示保证作出免责声明或排除或限制某些类型的损害。
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
如果本协议中规定的任何免责声明或限制违反了适用于本协议的州法律，则本协议应解释为做出了适用的州法律所允许的最大限度的免责声明或限制。
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
本协议任何条款的无效或不可执行并不影响其余条款。
1.F.6.
1.F.6。
INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
赔偿 - 您同意对基金会、商标所有者、基金会的任何代理人或雇员、根据本协议提供 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品副本的任何人以及与制作、推广和发行相关的任何志愿者进行赔偿并予以追究。 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品，不承担因您进行或导致发生以下任何行为而直接或间接产生的所有责任、成本和费用，包括法律费用：(a) 分发本作品或任何 Project Gutenberg™ 作品， (b) 对任何 Project Gutenberg™ 作品进行更改、修改或添加或删除，以及 (c) 您造成的任何缺陷。
Section 2.
第 2 节。
Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™ Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
关于 Project Gutenberg™ 使命的信息 Project Gutenberg™ 是以最广泛的计算机（包括过时的、旧的、中年的和新的计算机）可读的格式免费分发电子作品的代名词。
It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
它的存在得益于数百名志愿者的努力和各界人士的捐款。
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
志愿者和为志愿者提供所需帮助的财务支持对于实现古腾堡计划™ 的目标以及确保古腾堡计划™ 藏品将继续免费供子孙后代使用至关重要。
In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future generations.
2001 年，古腾堡计划文学档案基金会成立，旨在为古腾堡计划™ 和子孙后代提供安全和永久的未来。
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.
要了解有关古腾堡文学档案基金会项目的更多信息以及您的努力和捐赠如何提供帮助，请参阅第 3 节和第 4 节以及 www.gutenberg.org 上的基金会信息页面。
Section 3.
第 3 节。
Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
有关古腾堡文学档案基金会的信息 古腾堡文学档案基金会是一家根据密西西比州法律组建的非营利性 501(c)(3) 教育公司，并获得国税局授予的免税地位。
The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.
基金会的 EIN 或联邦税务识别号是 64-6221541。
Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S.
对古腾堡文学档案基金会项目的捐款可在美国允许的最大范围内免税
federal laws and your state’s laws.
联邦法律和您所在州的法律。
The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887.
基金会的业务办公室位于 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887。
Email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact Section 4.
电子邮件联系链接和最新联系信息可在基金会网站和官方页面 www.gutenberg.org/contact 第 4 部分找到。
Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
有关古腾堡项目捐赠的信息 古腾堡文学档案基金会项目古腾堡™ 依赖于广泛的公众支持和捐赠，以履行其增加公共领域和许可作品数量的使命，这些作品可以以机器可读的形式免费分发，而没有广泛的公众支持和捐赠就无法生存。通过最广泛的设备，包括过时的设备。
Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.
许多小额捐款（1 至 5,000 美元）对于维持 IRS 的免税地位特别重要。
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
基金会致力于遵守美国所有 50 个州的慈善机构和慈善捐赠法律。
Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
合规性要求并不统一，需要付出相当大的努力、大量文书工作和大量费用才能满足和跟上这些要求。
We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
我们不会在未收到合规书面确认的地点募集捐款。
To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate.
要发送捐款或确定任何特定州的合规状态，请访问 www.gutenberg.org/donate。
While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.
虽然我们不能也不会向未达到募集要求的州募集捐款，但据我们所知，在这些州向我们提出捐款意愿的捐助者并没有禁止接受其主动捐款。
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the United States.
我们非常乐意接受国际捐款，但我们无法就从美国境外收到的捐款的税务处理做出任何声明。
U.S.
我们
laws alone swamp our small staff.
仅靠法律就淹没了我们的小规模员工。
Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
请查看古腾堡计划网页，了解当前的捐赠方式和地址。
Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
捐款可以通过多种其他方式接受，包括支票、在线支付和信用卡捐款。
To donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate.
如需捐赠，请访问：www.gutenberg.org/donate。
Section 5.
第 5 节。
General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works Professor Michael S.
关于 Project Gutenberg™ 电子作品的一般信息 Michael S.
Hart was the originator of the Project Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
Hart 是古腾堡计划 (Project Gutenberg™) 概念的创始人，该概念是一个可以与任何人自由共享的电子作品图书馆。
For forty years, he produced and distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
四十年来，他仅在松散的志愿者支持网络下制作和发行了 Project Gutenberg™ 电子书。
Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the U.S.
古腾堡计划™ 电子书通常由多个印刷版本创建，所有这些版本都被确认在美国不受版权保护
unless a copyright notice is included.
除非包含版权声明。
Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
因此，我们不一定使电子书符合任何特定的纸质版本。
Most people start at our website which has the main PG search facility: www.gutenberg.org.
大多数人都是从我们的网站开始的，该网站具有主要的 PG 搜索功能：www.gutenberg.org。
This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™, including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
该网站包含有关古腾堡计划™的信息，包括如何向古腾堡文学档案基金会捐款、如何帮助制作我们的新电子书，以及如何订阅我们的电子邮件通讯以了解新电子书。
